https://www.averiecooks.com/garlic-butter-chicken/


__

____

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes
    * Breakfast, Breads, Rolls, & Muffins
    * Appetizers
      * Appetizers
      * Dips & Condiments
    * 30-Minute Meals
    * Dinner/Entrees
      * 30-Minute Meals
      * Beef
      * Chicken
      * Fish
      * Pasta
      * Seafood
      * All Dinner
    * Soups
    * Sides, Salads & Vegetables
    * Slow Cooker
    * Desserts
      * Bars & Blondies
      * Brownies
      * Cakes & Cupcakes
      * Cookies
      * Ice Cream
      * No-Bake Balls & Truffles
      * Peanut Butter
      * Pies & Cheesecake
      * All Desserts
    * Snacky Things
    * Drinks & Smoothies
    * All Recipes
    * Recipe Index
  * About
    * About Me
    * Contact
    * Work with Me
  * FAQs

__

__________

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes
    * Breakfast, Breads, Rolls, & Muffins
    * Appetizers
      * Appetizers
      * Dips & Condiments
    * 30-Minute Meals
    * Dinner/Entrees
      * 30-Minute Meals
      * Beef
      * Chicken
      * Fish
      * Pasta
      * Seafood
      * All Dinner
    * Soups
    * Sides, Salads & Vegetables
    * Slow Cooker
    * Desserts
      * Bars & Blondies
      * Brownies
      * Cakes & Cupcakes
      * Cookies
      * Ice Cream
      * No-Bake Balls & Truffles
      * Peanut Butter
      * Pies & Cheesecake
      * All Desserts
    * Snacky Things
    * Drinks & Smoothies
    * All Recipes
    * Recipe Index
  * About
    * About Me
    * Contact
    * Work with Me
  * FAQs

Home » All Recipes » Garlic Butter Chicken

February 1, 2021

# Garlic Butter Chicken

_by_ Averie Sunshine // __62 _Comments_

This post may contain affiliate links.

**Garlic Butter Chicken** — Tender, juicy chicken bathed in a rich garlic
butter sauce with a splash of wine for extra flavor!! This EASY stovetop
chicken recipe is ready in 15 minutes and will become a family FAVORITE!!

## Skillet Garlic Butter Chicken Recipe

**If you 're in need of a fast and easy 15-minute chicken dinner, this
comforting garlic butter chicken breast recipe will be a new family favorite.
**It's made in one skillet, which is great because there's less cleanup.

The chicken is pan-fried on the stove-top and is so tender, juicy, rich and
buttery tasting with plenty of garlic to provide that extra punch of flavor.

Serve this chicken with rice on the side or a nice salad, and you've got
yourself a winning chicken dinner.

_If you 're in need of another garlic butter recipe, this Lemon Garlic Butter
Salmon is to die for! Or if you're looking for a similar skillet chicken
recipe that is great for busy weeknights, don't miss this Lemon Butter Dijon
Skillet Chicken._

## What's in Garlic Butter Chicken?

For this fast garlic butter chicken dinner made with common fridge and pantry
ingredients, you'll need:

  * Olive oil
  * Boneless skinless chicken breasts
  * 21 Salute Seasoning (or poultry seasoning)
  * Salt
  * Pepper
  * White wine or chicken broth
  * Butter
  * Garlic
  * Fresh parsley, optional

## How to Make Garlic Butter Chicken

To make this quick and easy chicken with garlic sauce, simply pound the
chicken to an even thickness and then heat up a skillet!

  1. To a large skillet, add olive oil, chicken breasts seasoned with 21 Salute Seasoning, salt, pepper, and sear on the first side for about 5 minutes.
  2. Flip chicken oven and cook on the second side for about 5 minutes.
  3. When the chicken is done and cooked through, remove it from the pan and allow it to rest on a plate.
  4. Deglaze your pan with a splash of wine, add the butter, garlic, and cook for one minute, or until the butter has melted and the garlic is fragrant.
  5. Return the chicken to the pan, toss it in the garlic butter sauce, garnish with parsley, and serve.

I told you this chicken in garlic sauce was fast and easy!

## What Type of Wine Should I Use?

Use whatever **dry white wine** you have open or on hand. Chardonnay, pinot
grigio, sauvignon blanc, or even a dry rose is fine. Just make sure it's not
sweet.

Whatever white wine you buy, make sure it's one you'd happily drink and NOT a
wine labeled as "cooking wine." (Those just taste awful).

## Can I Omit the Wine?

If wine isn't fitting for you, **use chicken broth instead.  **Note that the
alcohol in the wine burns off and what you're left with is a richer flavor in
the garlic butter sauce.

## Can I Substitute the 21 Salute Seasoning?

I used Trader Joe's 21 Salute Seasoning, which is mixture of oregano, thyme,
rosemary, and more.

Use **poultry seasoning or a mixture of those spices** if you don't have 21
Salute. Readers have also said that **Costco 's Signature Organic No-Salt
Seasoning** is a dupe for the Trader Joe's spice blend.

The flavor of the seasoning is going to be masked by the garlic anyway. Garlic
always wins!

## Can I Use Chicken Thighs Instead?

Yes! **This stove-top chicken recipe works with both chicken breasts and
thighs.** I prefer using boneless skinless chicken breasts, but use whichever
you have.

Just note that chicken thighs may have a different cook time. Use your eyes
and not the clock!

## What Type of Garlic Should I Use?

I prefer using fresh garlic that I mince with a garlic press when making this
easy chicken recipe, but jarred minced garlic works just as well.

I prefer fresh garlic since the flavor is, well, much fresher — but use what's
easiest for you.

## Can I Add Vegetables to the Chicken?

Technically, yes. But I specifically designed this recipe to be quick, easy,
and made in a single skillet in about 15 minutes.

**Adding veggies would complicate the cooking process and prolong the cook
time.** If you'd like vegetables with your garlic chicken, I recommend
steaming or roasting some in another pot. That way, everything cooks at the
same time!

## Tips For Making Garlic Butter Chicken Breasts

You need to **pound your chicken to an even thickness** so that it cooks
evenly. Chicken breasts have a thick side and a thin side and you want to
pound the thick side so it's not as thick.

Pounding also breaks down muscle fibers so the finished chicken is more
tender.

**When you 're searing the chicken, just let it be**. Don't touch it, move it,
peek on it, just let it sear. After 5 minutes, check on it, and if it needs a
little more time, go for it, and then flip it over and allow it to remain
undisturbed as well while searing on the second side.

After searing, your pan (if using a stainless steel or cast iron pan) is going
to have lots of chicken bits and cooking juices stuck to it. This is where
**deglazing** comes in. Meaning, you add either wine (or chicken broth) to the
pan to remove the stuck-on bits of food.

Adding wine or even chicken broth to a very hot skillet will cause the liquid
to **bubble up with lots of ensuing steam. Be careful!  **

Print

Yield: 4

## Garlic Butter Chicken

**Prep Time** 5 minutes

**Cook Time** 15 minutes

**Total Time** 20 minutes

Tender, juicy chicken bathed in a rich garlic butter sauce with a splash of
wine for extra flavor!! This EASY stovetop chicken recipe is ready in 15
minutes and will become a family FAVORITE!!

### Ingredients

  * 3 tablespoons olive oil 
  * 1 1/2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts, pounded to an even thickness (4 average-sized breasts) 
  * 1 to 2 teaspoons 21 Salute Seasoning or poultry seasoning 
  * 1 teaspoon kosher salt, or to taste 
  * 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste 
  * 1/2 cup white wine* or chicken broth, or as necessary 
  * 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, or more if you want extra sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon garlic, finely minced; or to taste 
  * 2 teaspoons fresh parsley, optional for garnishing 

### Instructions

  1. To a large skillet, add the olive oil, pounded chicken, evenly season with 21 Salute, salt, pepper, and cook over medium-high heat for 5 minutes. Do not touch, move, or disturb the chicken while it is searing. After 5 minutes, flip chicken over. It should have a medium golden color. For thicker/bigger chicken breasts, sear for 6-7 minutes. 
  2. Allow chicken to cook on the second side for about 5 minutes, or until done and cooked through. Again, do not disturb the chicken while it's searing.
  3. Remove chicken with a slotted spatula and place it on a plate to rest.
  4. Using caution, deglaze your skillet by adding wine (or broth) and allow the liquid to bubble up and steam violently for a few seconds.
  5. Add the butter and allow it to melt, about 1 minute; stir continuously until melted.
  6. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minutes; stir continuously. 
  7. Turn the heat off, add the chicken back into the skillet, flip it around in the garlic butter sauce, and spoon the sauce over the chicken.
  8. Optionally garnish with parsley and serve immediately. 

### Notes

**Wine:** I recommend white wine because I think the flavor is better than
with chicken broth, and I personally believe that the alcohol burns off, and
what you're left with is the flavor imparted by the wine. However, use broth
if that is a better option for your lifestyle or needs.

**Storage:** Chicken will keep airtight in the fridge for up to 5 days and in
the freezer for up to 4 months.

#### Nutrition Information:

#### Yield:

4

#### Serving Size:

1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 294Total Fat: 21gSaturated Fat: 7gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 13gCholesterol: 63mgSodium: 2936mgCarbohydrates: 6gFiber:
1gSugar: 2gProtein: 15g

(C) Averie Sunshine

**Cuisine:** American  / **Category:** 30-Minute Meals

## More Quick and Easy Chicken Recipes:

ALL OF MY CHICKEN RECIPES!

Creamy Dijon Chicken Skillet —Tender, juicy chicken bathed in a divine cream
sauce made with garlic, cream, Dijon mustard, and a splash of wine for extra
flavor!! This restaurant-quality EASY stovetop chicken is ready in 20 minutes
and will be a family FAVORITE!

15-Minute Honey Mustard Skillet Chicken — If you like dipping your chicken in
honey mustard, you’re going to LOVE every bite of this chicken that’s coated
in homemade honey mustard sauce!! Fast, EASY, juicy, tender, and made in one
skillet!!

Lemon Butter Dijon Skillet Chicken – Tender, juicy chicken with a scrumptious
sauce made with lemon butter, Dijon mustard, and a splash of wine for extra
flavor!! This EASY stovetop chicken recipe is ready in 15 minutes and will
become a family dinner FAVORITE!!

One Pan Lemon Butter Chicken and Potatoes – A DELICIOUS family dinner that’s
ready in 30 minutes and full of lemon buttery goodness!! ONE PAN keeps things
EASY for you with less dishes!!

One-Skillet Honey Dijon Chicken with Potatoes and Green Beans – An EASY, one-
skillet recipe that’s ready in 20 minutes!! Juicy chicken, crispy potatoes,
and crisp-tender green beans for the WIN! Great for busy weeknights or date-
night-in!!

Skillet Lime Cilantro Chicken – EASY, juicy, tender chicken thighs with plenty
of tangy lime and fresh cilantro!! Ready in 30 minutes, starts on the stove,
and finishes in the oven!

Healthier Orange Chicken — Stop calling for takeout or going to the mall food
court and make this HEALTHIER orange chicken at home in less than 10 minutes!!
EASY, authentic, and so INCREDIBLE that you’ll never miss the fat and
calories!!

We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an
affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn
advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.

_originally published_ February 1, 2021 -- _last updated_ April 14, 2022 //
__62 _Comments_

_Posted in:_ All Recipes, Popular

_« Previous Post_Pomegranate Mojito

_Next Post »_ _Easy One-Skillet Sausage and Peppers with Rice

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Please note: I have only made the recipe as written, and cannot give advice or
predict what will happen if you change something. If you have a question
regarding changing, altering, or making substitutions to the recipe, please
check out the FAQ page for more info.

Comment *

Did you make this recipe? Rate it:

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

Check this box to be notified by email with a reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

###  62 Comments on "Garlic Butter Chicken"

  1. **Jason** -- July 7, 2022 @ 4:30 pm  Reply

Almost 3,000 sodium PER serving??? That has to be calculated wrong. Where is
the majority of the sodium coming from? I used salt free poultry seasoning and
no salt added chicken broth.

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- July 8, 2022 @ 12:56 am  Reply

Yes it's a computer-generated program that's a courtesy estimate and not
always perfect. I'm sure this is high. You can calculate by hand to know a
more precise count if needed.

  2. **Tami Hebert** -- July 4, 2022 @ 5:22 pm  Reply

Omg this was so delicious!!! The only thing I added was lemon juice, so
flavorful!! I will be making this again!! I paired it with rice pilaf and
steamed broccoli with lemon pepper..

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- July 5, 2022 @ 9:42 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was so delicious and that you will
make it again!

  3. **JLazz** -- June 24, 2022 @ 3:48 pm  Reply

I made this tonight and everyone loved it! I added a squeeze of some fresh
lemon at the end, and everything tasted great!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 26, 2022 @ 11:05 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad everyone loved it! Fresh lemon juice is
always a great way to finish off a dish, too!

  4. **Adina Katz** -- June 24, 2022 @ 10:40 am  Reply

I made this earlier in the day to serve at night. should i reheat in the sauce
or once its turned in the sauce then put in a separate pan without the sauce?

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 26, 2022 @ 11:04 am  Reply

I would reheat it over low heat in a skillet with all the sauce so that it
doesn't dry out. Keep it all together is my advice.

  5. **Dotti** -- June 7, 2022 @ 6:46 pm  Reply

The final product was delicious and I was praised by the family. However, I
made a huge error in not reading through the recipe before cooking. I didn't
pound the chicken breast pieces to make them of even thickness!! Near disaster
as I had to hover over the cooking chicken to make sure they were done. This
made the sauce very dark. Plus, I used a cast iron skillet that I thought was
clean, but there was a dark residue. I will try your other recipes and promise
to read thoroughly!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 7, 2022 @ 8:21 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and yes always good to read in advance the recipe
you're making but sounds like you prevailed and all came out great! I am very
very thorough in my writing and leave nothing to guesswork or chance but yes
you have to read it all first :)

  6. **Ann** -- May 27, 2022 @ 7:28 pm  Reply

I made this tonight for our family and was delicious! We made it with a side
of rice. The sauce was a little watery, but great flavor, so we put some on
the rice as well. My thighs were thick, so took a little longer to cook, but
we will make this again for sure!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- May 28, 2022 @ 10:59 am  Reply

I am glad it was delicious and that you will make it again for sure!

  7. **Kelly** -- March 23, 2022 @ 2:15 pm  Reply

This is delicious! We have made this a few times and we all love it. I use
half chicken broth and half white wine and zero complaints at dinner time from
the fam. Also, I love Trader Joe’s but I found a replica of the 21 Salute
Seasoning at Costco! It’s their Organic No Salt Seasoning with the same blend
of the 21 spices. Really good buy!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 23, 2022 @ 4:01 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you're all loving it! I did not know
about that Costco seasoning, I will definitely be on the lookout for it,
thanks for the tip!

  8. **Crystal** -- February 11, 2022 @ 1:32 pm  Reply

I’m making this tonight , not a wine person so I’m hoping the white wine I
bought will work . Said it went well with shrimp and chicken so I bought it .
My 4 year old was getting impatient in the wine selection 😆 wish me luck
because this sounds amazing

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 12, 2022 @ 11:55 am  Reply

Hope that you loved it!

  9. **Kathy Sims** -- February 3, 2022 @ 11:33 am  Reply

Why is the sodium content so high? It is over the recommended daily allowance.
I am going to make this…give it a whirl but the sodium level is very
disconcerting.

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 3, 2022 @ 7:25 pm  Reply

It's a computer generated program and not perfect. And obviously you aren't
going to drink the sauce out of the skillet which is where the sodium is
laying.

  10. **Samantha Parada** -- January 17, 2022 @ 6:11 pm  Reply

This was great! I was skeptical making it because I rarely go out of my
comfort zone but it came out great! The wine was the cherry on the top. Love
it

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 18, 2022 @ 11:19 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was great and that you went out of
your comfort zone!

  11. **Jen** -- January 17, 2022 @ 5:26 pm  Reply

Made this twice already after having discovered this recipe 3 weeks ago. It’s
a huge hit at our house! We use white cooking wine and it still tastes
amazing! We also make garlic mashed potatoes to go along with it. Yum!!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 17, 2022 @ 5:31 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this has been a hit for you since
discovering it!

  12. **Bonnie** -- January 17, 2022 @ 2:29 pm  Reply

I made the trip to Trader Joe's and got the 21 Salute Seasoning and used white
wine to deglaze. It was a big hit and deserves more than 5 stars. The sauce is
thin, as it should be for this recipe. I do a lot of chicken recipes and found
this was a wonderful change from the thick cheesy high calorie sauces. Moist
and delicious. Can't wait to make it for guests. Easy to make, as well, is
always a big plus when you have company. Thank you for sharing.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 17, 2022 @ 5:10 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and for saying it deserves more than 5 stars!

I agree, thick, heavy, cheesy, it's nice (not for the waistline) at times but
I am glad you enjoyed this thinner sauce and will make it again!

  13. **Fran** -- January 17, 2022 @ 9:52 am  Reply

I plan on making this tonight, but I have chicken breast that I’ve already
filet and are thin. I’m praying this works for me cause this recipe sounds
delish.

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 17, 2022 @ 10:19 am  Reply

It will be fine, just cook/sear them for less time overall. Will depend on
their exact thickness but they will cook fast.

  14. **Raven** -- January 4, 2022 @ 4:58 pm  Reply

This recipe was AMAZING! I’ll definitely make it again. Thanks for sharing!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 5, 2022 @ 6:56 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was amazing and you'll make it
again!

  15. **Lisa** -- December 29, 2021 @ 5:05 am  Reply

Can I use thighs?

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- December 29, 2021 @ 6:16 am  Reply

Yes they may need to cook a bit longer but yes fine.

  16. **Amy Petrie** -- December 13, 2021 @ 5:23 pm  Reply

This was amazing. Even my dad who is a picky eater loved it. Thank you and I
will definitely be making this for my family again. ❤️☺️

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- December 13, 2021 @ 8:14 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad that even your dad enjoyed this!

  17. **Natalie** -- November 16, 2021 @ 4:32 pm  Reply

Hello,

I love your recipe.  
Could you do this with a whole chicken in the oven? And for how long on what
degree? Thank you for your time.

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- November 17, 2021 @ 9:18 am  Reply

https://www.averiecooks.com/sheet-pan-whole-roasted-chicken-potatoes/ this is
how I roast whole chickens. You would then have to work on how to incorporate
the rest of the flavors from the garlic butter chicken.

  18. **Melissa** -- October 31, 2021 @ 1:06 am  Reply

Do I have to use boneless

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- October 31, 2021 @ 7:43 am  Reply

No you can use bone-in but note that the cooking time could vary a bit.

  19. **Alesha** -- October 7, 2021 @ 12:54 pm  Reply

This chicken was so good!!!!! And easy! It can see this as my new favorite !

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- October 7, 2021 @ 2:36 pm  Reply

Glad to hear it was great and that it could be a new favorite for you!

  20. **Kelli** -- October 4, 2021 @ 6:18 am  Reply

Can this be done in crockpot? If so, what should be followed?

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- October 4, 2021 @ 2:33 pm  Reply

The recipe is so fast and easy, designed for the stovetop and ready in 15
minutes. Using a Crock Pot would just over-complicate something so easy and
drag it out for hours. My advice is to make it as written on the stove.

    * **PAYAL** -- February 3, 2022 @ 4:05 am  Reply

Substitute to 21 salute seasoning?

      * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 3, 2022 @ 10:24 am 

Read the blog post and recipe. Substitution is provided.

  21. **Khaoula Murray** -- September 29, 2021 @ 8:10 pm  Reply

Loved it 🥰 Used ingredients without measuring and still came out amazing. I
like fast, tasty and easy meals. It is full of good stuff too. Served it with
basmati rice cooked in chicken broth and saffron.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- September 29, 2021 @ 9:17 pm  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and glad you loved it and didn’t even need to
measure the ingredients, my kind of cook!

  22. **D Curtis** -- September 28, 2021 @ 7:06 pm  Reply

Just found this recipe - we tried it tonight - 9/28/21 - we chose to use
chicken broth and jar crushed garlic - it was a great success - the whole
family loved it - we served it with cheese tortellini covered in butter and
Parmesan cheese and steamed broccoli !

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- September 28, 2021 @ 8:28 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad that this was a big success and the
whole family loved it!

  23. **Kelsey Vinson** -- September 20, 2021 @ 4:53 pm  Reply

This was so good! I didn't have wine so used broth but still it was so full of
flavor.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- September 21, 2021 @ 8:20 pm  Reply

I'm glad it turned out so well, even without wine!

  24. **Sarah** -- September 1, 2021 @ 5:52 pm  Reply

This recipe is simple but so delicious ! My chicken came out moist and
flavorful. I didn't have the recommended seasoning so I did my own blend, but
it was so good! The buttery juice over the chicken was a hit, my husband
praised the flavors!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- September 1, 2021 @ 9:32 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad that this was a winner for you and your
husband!

  25. **M Carey** -- August 13, 2021 @ 3:18 am  Reply

Very good! I just moved so didnt have poultry seasoning, just salt and pepper.
Also sub'ed water for wine but still turned out tasty. Made with roasted
potatoes and salad. Best part is leftovers - the butter and garlic on day 2
made the chicken even better. Thanks!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 13, 2021 @ 7:23 am  Reply

Glad you enjoyed it and the leftovers even better!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 16, 2021 @ 6:45 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad that it was fine without the wine nor
poultry seasoning and that it was even better on day two!

  26. **Aly** -- June 15, 2021 @ 8:05 pm  Reply

Very good! I can’t have dairy so I used plant butter and it was still good!
The sauce was thin like a broth so I added just a tiny amount of flour to
thicken it up a little!

Rating:  4

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 17, 2021 @ 7:17 pm  Reply

Thanks and glad you enjoyed the recipe.

  27. **Stephanie** -- February 8, 2021 @ 8:47 pm  Reply

I made this tonight and it was a hit! Very easy to make and really good. I
couldn’t find any regular poultry seasoning at the store but I found beer can
chicken seasoning and used that which I’m sure is probably the same, haha!
Hubby really liked this!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 10, 2021 @ 8:43 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was a hit!

  28. **Janet Schoenthal** -- February 4, 2021 @ 3:45 pm  Reply

Made this tonight very good need to get to Trader Joe’s to get the right
spice. Did use poultry seasoning looked more like broth. But will make this
again. Served with mashed potatoes. Poured sauce them as well.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 4, 2021 @ 5:22 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you'll make this again! I think TJ's
seasoning is better than your average poultry seasoning and I bet you will
agree once you try this with that.

  29. **Alene** -- February 1, 2021 @ 8:25 am  Reply

You're saving me on an uncreative pandemic morning! This will be dinner this
evening. Easy peasy, and I have all the ingredients. Thank you and have a
lovely Monday.

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 1, 2021 @ 4:19 pm  Reply

Awesome! Well I hope you enjoy it or already enjoyed it and that it was a
winner!

  30. **Karen Arena** -- February 1, 2021 @ 6:41 am  Reply

Excellent recipe, very tasty, enjoyed this very much!

Rating:  5

### _Welcome_ Hi! I’m Averie!

I'm so glad you've found my site! You'll find fast and easy recipes from
dinners to desserts that taste amazing and are geared for real life. Nothing
fussy or complicated, just awesome tasting dishes everyone loves!

More about me »

__________

#### Buy My Cookbook:

### Peanut Butter Comfort

#### Buy My Cookbook:

### Cooking with Pumpkin

### Find a Recipe:

__

### Categories

Categories Select Category 30-Minute Meals Air Fryer All Recipes Appetizers
Beverages    Alcohol    Coffee    Juice    Kombucha    Milkshakes    Smoothies
Bread, Rolls, Muffins & Breakfast    Eggs    French Toast    Muffins
Oatmeal    Pancakes    Pastries    Quickbread    Waffles    Yeast Bread Chips,
Crackers, Snack Mixes & Nuts    Chips    Crackers    Nuts    Party Mixes
Popcorn    Snack Mixes Christmas Christmas baking Christmas bark Christmas
blondies Christmas candy Christmas Cookies Christmas Crack Christmas desserts
Christmas parties Christmas punch Christmas sides Dessert    Bark    Bars &
Blondies    Brownies    Cakes & Cupcakes    Candy & Treats    Cheesecake
Chocolate    Cookies    Crisps    Crumbles    Cupcakes    Donuts    Frosting
Fudge    Granola Bars & Granola    Ice Cream & Frozen Treats    No-Bake Balls,
Cookie Dough & Truffles    Pies & Cheesecake    Pudding & Mousse    Puff
Pastry    Slow Cooker Dips & Condiments Dressings Drinks Entrees    Asian
Bacon    Beans & Lentils    Beef    Casserole    Chicken    Eggs    Fish
French    Greek    Ham    Indian    Italian    Macaroni & Cheese    Mexican
Pasta    Pizza    Pork    Rice    Rolls    Salad    Sandwiches    Sausage
Seafood    Shrimp    Sides, Salads & Vegetables    Slow Cooker    Spanish
Steak    Stir Fry    Thai    Tofu & Tempeh    Turkey    Wraps Extras Giveaways
Gluten-Free Greek yogurt Grill Instant Pot Monthly Recipe Recaps No-Bake
Peanut Butter Popular potatoes Raw Recipe Roundups roasted sweet potatoes
Sides Soup sweet potatoes Thanksgiving Thanksgiving leftovers Thanksgiving
sides Thanksgiving Things Things Posts Travel Vegan Vegetarian

### _free bonus ebook!_ Discover the secrets behind your favorite restaurant
recipes

Subscribe now to learn the **secret copycat recipes** the restaurants don't
want you to know about!

GO

### About

  * Home
  * About
  * FAQs

### Browse

  * All Recipes
  * Recipe Index
  * Extras
  * Travel

### Follow

  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter

### _buy my cookbooks!_

peanut butter comfort  
&  
Cooking with pumpkin

Buy Now

__

  * Home
  * Privacy Policy
  * Accessibility Statement
  * Contact
  * Work with Me

(C)2022 Averie Cooks. _Design byPurr._

Skip to Recipe

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

