https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/garlic-chicken


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Course
  * Baking
  * Global
  * Healthy
  * Favorite Ingredients
  * Holidays and Occasions
  * Quick and Easy
  * Convenience Recipes
  * BBQ and Grilling
  * How To
  * Extra Crispy
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore MyRecipes

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

####  55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

Everybody understands the stuggle of getting dinner on the table after a long
day. If you're looking for a simple recipe to simplify your weeknight, you've
come to the right place--easy dinners are our specialty. For an easy supper
that you can depend on, we picked out some of our tried-and-true favorites
that have gotten us through even the busiest of days. Whether you're cooking
for yourself or for a family, these easy dinners are sure to leave everyone
satisfied and stress-free.  Read More

    * The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

####  The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

Trust me, it's so worth it.  Read More

    * 65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

####  65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

From chips and dip to one-bite apps, finger foods are the perfect way to kick
off a party. No forks or spoons required, just easy-to-pick-up party foods, so
you can clean up in no time.  Read More

  * Course

### Course

See All Course

    * Best Appetizer Recipes...Ever
    * Best Drink Recipes for Any Occasion
    * Salad Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Sensational Sides
    * Soup and Stew Recipes
    * Easy Entertaining for Everyone
    * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
    * Main Dishes and Entrees
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes

  * Baking

### Baking

See All Baking

    * Bread Recipes
    * Our Most-Loved Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Pie Recipes

  * Global

### Global

See All Global

    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes
    * Middle Eastern Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Malaysian Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * African Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Cajun and Creole Recipes
    * Caribbean Recipes
    * South American Recipes
    * Southern Recipes
    * German Recipes

  * Healthy

### Healthy

See All Healthy

    * Easy, Healthy Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfasts
    * Healthy Dinners
    * Healthy Desserts
    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Diet and Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Low Carbohydrate Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Favorite Ingredients

### Favorite Ingredients

See All Favorite Ingredients

    * The Ultimate Guide to Chicken
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Cheese Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Holidays and Occasions

### Holidays and Occasions

See All Holidays and Occasions

    * A Foodie's Guide to Halloween Recipes
    * The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide
    * Hanukkah Recipes
    * Your Ultimate Christmas Recipe Guide
    * Our Most Festive New Year's Recipes
    * Best-Ever Super Bowl Sunday Recipes
    * Best Valentine's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Labor Day Recipes
    * The Ultimate Fourth of July Guide
    * Memorial Day Recipes
    * Touchdown-Worthy Tailgate Recipes
    * Wedding and Shower Recipes

  * Quick and Easy

### Quick and Easy

See All Quick and Easy

    * 15-Minute Recipes for Busy Home Cooks
    * 5 Ingredients or Less
    * Dinner Tonight
    * No-Cook Recipes
    * 45-Minute Recipes

  * Convenience Recipes

### Convenience Recipes

See All Convenience Recipes

    * Budget-Friendly Recipes
    * Our Top Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Our Favorite Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes

  * BBQ and Grilling

### BBQ and Grilling

See All BBQ and Grilling

    * Grilled Beef Recipes
    * Grilled Fish Recipes
    * Grilled Shrimp Recipes
    * Grilled Chicken Recipes
    * Grilled Pork Recipes
    * Grilled Vegetable Recipes

  * How To

### How To

See All How To

    * 7 Ways With...
    * Videos
    * Ingredients and Tools
    * Kitchen Cleaning

  * Extra Crispy
  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Garlic Chicken

# Garlic Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars

24 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 12 
  * 4 star values: 9 
  * 3 star values: 1 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 24 Ratings 
  * 21 Reviews 

The garlic becomes creamy and mellows as it cooks. Spread it on chunks of
crusty French baguette and soak up the fabulous sauce as you enjoy every
morsel of this super-tender chicken. If you're tight on time, substitute 3
pounds of chicken pieces rather than cut up the whole chicken. Also, look for
garlic cloves that are already peeled.

Recipe by Oxmoor House September 2012

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Garlic Chicken

Credit: Oxmoor House

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

5 servings (serving size: 4 ounces chicken, about 3 tablespoons sauce, and
about 8 garlic cloves)

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * ½ cup fat-free, lower-sodium chicken broth 
  * 3 tablespoons dry white wine 
  * 2 tablespoons cognac 
  * 1 (3 1/3-pound) whole chicken, skinned and cut into 8 pieces 
  * 1 ½ teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil 
  * 1 ½ teaspoons butter 
  * ¼ teaspoon salt 
  * ⅛ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 
  * 40 garlic cloves, peeled (about 4 whole heads) 
  * 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves 
  * 4 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley (optional) 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Combine first 3 ingredients in a small bowl.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Discard giblets and neck from chicken. Rinse chicken and pat dry. Heat oil and
butter in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until butter melts.
Sprinkle chicken pieces evenly with salt and pepper. Add chicken pieces to
pan; cook 2 1/2 minutes on each side or until golden. Remove chicken from pan;
place in a 4-quart electric slow cooker.

  * Step 3

Reduce heat to medium. Add garlic to drippings in pan; saute 1 minute or until
garlic begins to brown. Stir in broth mixture, scraping pan to loosen browned
bits. Boil 2 minutes or until sauce is reduced to about 1 cup. Pour sauce over
chicken; sprinkle with thyme. Cover and cook on LOW for 4 hours or until
chicken is done. Serve sauce and garlic with chicken. Garnish with chopped
parsley, if desired.

##  Chef's Notes

MyRecipes is working with _Let's Move!_ , the Partnership for a Healthier
America, and USDA's MyPlate to give anyone looking for healthier options
access to a trove of recipes that will help them create healthy, tasty plates.
For more information about creating a healthy plate, visit
www.choosemyplate.gov.

##  Source

_Cooking Light Slow Cooker Tonight_

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

254 calories; fat 7.1g; saturated fat 2.1g; mono fat 2.7g; poly fat 1.3g;
protein 32.9g; carbohydrates 8.3g; fiber 0.6g; cholesterol 105mg; iron 1.7mg;
sodium 297mg; calcium 63mg.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (21)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Gcatkids

Rating: 5 stars

03/24/2022

5/5. Delicious and so easy. Used boneless/skinless thighs seasoned generously
with salt and pepper. Quadrupled the liquids except for Cognac ( doubled
that). Simmered covered on stove top for an hour then thickened sauce at end
with cornstarch. Served with mashed potatoes and roasted asparagus. This
recipe is a keeper!

zarahmeredith

Rating: 4 stars

12/14/2018

****Perfect for everyday rush.

Sandra

Rating: Unrated

11/17/2016

That's not the point, the recipe has less than a cup of liquid to begin with
and then you're instructed to reduce to a cup. Either the recipe was printed
incorrectly or something is wrong.

kara

Rating: Unrated

01/10/2016

Boiling is how you reduce it. You let it boil, uncovered, and the liquid will
evaporate. Let it go until you have about a cup remaining.

Jkoz

Rating: Unrated

12/02/2015

Same with hard boiled eggs. After cooking and cooling in cold water,put cover
back on pot and shake vigorously.The eggs are mostly peeled and the shells
remain slide off.

Melissa

Rating: 2 stars

08/16/2015

****Made this tonight and I was not a fan. The chicken was tender but dry. It
was also relatively flavorless. More like soup than roasted chicken. I won't
make this again.  

daneanp

Rating: 4 stars

02/22/2015

This was really tender and flavorful chicken though I did leave the skin on
tonight. We served it with mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli. Great comfort
food on a cold winter's night. The garlic cloves came out really good - would
be great spread on some crusty bread.

firecraker

Rating: 1 stars

02/03/2015

I haven't made this yet, although it sounds good and I am going to try it.
With that being said, I was reading the recipe and I noticed it calls for 1/2
cup and 5 tablespoons of liquid. In the instructions it tell you to reduce the
liquid to one ( 1 ) cup. How can this be done? Am I not reading something
wrong? I'd like to know so when I do make it I won't mess up the recipe.

warren2k

Rating: 4 stars

01/25/2015

This was tasty and tender. I used thighs and drumsticks instead of the chicken
breast halves, though. I will definitely make this again, and I plan to let my
family and friends know about it, too.

CharlieR

Rating: 5 stars

12/03/2014

Just delicious. Makes a lovely sauce for the rice. Garlic does not overwhelm.
I left out the cognac and the thyme (we aren't fond of thyme) and this was
still an excellent recipe. An absolute keeper!

Emz101

Rating: 5 stars

08/01/2014

This was really good. The only difference I would make next time is actually
used chicken pieces, I used boneless skinless breasts because it was what I
had. Although the chicken was very tender it was a little dry. I took the
garlic out of the pot and mashed it with my potatos which made a really nice
side dish. I served this with a green salad, it was a great satisfying yet
healthy dinner.

bbglo1

Rating: 4 stars

04/08/2014

So easy and so delicious! Halved the recipe and used boneless thighs instead.
The chicken fell apart and the garlic wasn't overkill, but had to add more
salt.

laurajarboe

Rating: 4 stars

01/23/2014

This is so easy and very good. Dealing with the garlic aftertaste later is a
bit unpleasant, but that's the inevitable consequence of eating garlic.

mamita

Rating: 4 stars

01/16/2014

Delicious and easy- my kind of recipe! I made pretty much as written but used
b/s chicken breast instead of whole chicken and substituted bourbon for the
cognac. It was delicious and my house smelled wonderful. I used about 2.5
chicken breast and about 2.5 whole heads of garlic (which fed our family of 4-
2 adults, a 5 and 3 year old) with a little left over. Next time If I plan in
advance I'll buy the peeled garlic but it wasn't that bad. The chicken was
moist and flavorful and the garlic pieces just spread with a knife. Everyone
liked this dish and asked to have it again. It made soccer practice night easy
on me too!

orchid921

Rating: 4 stars

12/14/2013

Delicious! I'll definitely make this again!

AnnieDutari

Rating: 5 stars

10/02/2013

This turned out amazing!!!! My husband loved it! The meat is falling off the
bone... will make again very soon

sugarbooger77

Rating: 3 stars

09/18/2013

The garlic was amazing - added some of it to our mashed potatoes but the
chicken needed a little something more. Very easy for a weeknight dinner.

KatedeGreat

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2013

Delicious! The garlic is so flavorful and yummy. When I made it I didn't feel
like cutting up a whole chicken, so I just used boneless chicken thighs. It
worked quite well. I will totally make this recipe again.

JazzDragon

Rating: 4 stars

03/20/2013

Haven't tried recipe but thought I'd share how to peel a bulb (or cloves) of
garlic stupid quick: Put it in a jar or two same-sized hard bowls (I don't
know if silicone ones would work here) Shake the HECK out of it for like, 5
seconds or so (you'll find your groove) Pick the peeled cloves out Enjoy
Garlic. Voila!

Dlowery

Rating: 4 stars

02/02/2013

I made this for my friend's birthday dinner. It turned out yummy!!! Everyone
enjoyed.

FrenchTarte111

Rating: 5 stars

12/04/2012

I made this last night. This chickens INCREDIBLY flavorful. Must love garlic!
Also, I highly recommend if you can find pre-peeled cloves, you'll save
yourself a LOT of time. lol Both my husband I will have this one again. Enjoy!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Garlic Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Garlic Chicken

##  All Reviews for Garlic Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

MyRecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMyRecipes.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. MyRecipes is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporation All Rights Reserved. MyRecipes may receive compensation for some
links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to
change without notice.  Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab
California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis
link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 MyRecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.myrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Garlic Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

