https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/chilli-paneer-recipe/#Make_Chilli_Paneer_Gravy


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Chilli Paneer Recipe

Home >> Recipes >> Indo-Chinese Recipes

Byswasthi

192 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 14K

 __Pin 15K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

29K Shares

Make restaurant style Chilli Paneer recipe with options to prepare dry, semi-
dry & gravy versions. Chilli paneer is one of the popular vegetarian
appetizers served in the Indian-Chinese restaurants. **Indo-Chinese cuisine**
has introduced plenty of toothsome foods to Indians and in fact everyone loves
them for their amazing Chinese flavors. But most often the restaurant served
foods are loaded with oil, MSG and food colors. This post will help you make
delicious chilli paneer which tastes as good or even better than the
restaurant served using easily available ingredients & without MSG.

* * *

##  
About Chilli Paneer

Chilli paneer is an Indo-Chinese appetizer where crisp batter fried paneer is
tossed in slightly sweet, spicy, hot and sour Chilli Sauce. While Garlic and
green chilies bring in hot & pungent aroma, various sauces like chilli sauce,
soya sauce and vinegar are used to impart some Chinese flavours.

Veggies like onions, spring onions & bell pepper add body to the dish & corn
starch brings an essential silky and smooth feel to the chilli paneer sauce.

There are basically 3 versions of chilli paneer - gravy, dry & semi-dry. The
dry version is best served as an appetizer. In standard restaurants, on
request you get the semi-dry version which is in between the gravy and dry.
This is slightly saucy and kids' will love it with rotis & naans. The gravy
version has plenty of sauce and is great to serve with veg **Fried rice** ,
**Schezwan fried rice** , and **Veg noodles** or even with **Hakka noodles**.

**Contents** hide

1 About Chilli Paneer

2 How to Make Chilli Paneer (Stepwise Photos)

3 Make Chilli Paneer Gravy

4 Pro Tips

5 Recipe Card

6 Chilli Paneer Recipe (Dry & Gravy)

If you are short on time, make the chilli paneer gravy and simply serve it
with plain basmati rice. Without making a separate meal, sometimes I simply
stir in some cooked & cooled noodles into the gravy. On Occasions I also make
roti rolls with the chilli paneer & my kids absolutely love that.

Overall this Chilli paneer is delicious, addictive and is easy to make. The
homemade version is even more special as we have the option to use the best or
organic ingredients. I always find ways to minimize the refined ingredients
and store bought sauces in home cooked foods.

Below in the pro tips section I share my tips for the same. My boys are okay
with all of those healthy versions. If you are a health freak you will surely
love them.

For more **Paneer Recipes** check  
 **Paneer tikka  
Crispy paneer 65  
Paneer Manchurian  
Paneer cheese toast  
Crispy paneer popcorn  
Garlic paneer**

Advertisement

## How to Make Chilli Paneer (Stepwise Photos)

### Make batter

1\. Add 3 tablespoons corn flour, 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour (maida,
optional), 1/8 teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon red chilli powder and 1/8 teaspoon
pepper powder to a mixing bowl.

2\. Pour 5 to 6 tablespoons water and make a batter that is neither too thick
nor too thin. If the batter is too runny, it will not coat the paneer. Add
more water only if needed. Check video for batter consistency. Restaurant
style chilli paneer has a thick coating of batter.

3\. Add 200 grams cubed paneer to the batter. Then coat them well with batter.

**Alternative way** : If you like, you can also marinate paneer with ½ tbsp
chilli sauce, ¼ tbsp soya sauce and just add some dry flour to the paneer. It
can be grilled, tawa fried, shallow fried or deep fried.

### Fry Paneer

4\. Heat a pan with 3 to 4 tablespoons oil. Check if the oil is hot enough by
adding a small portion of batter to the hot oil. It must rise up without
browning. This is the correct heat.

5\. Gently slide the paneer one by one spacing them apart in the oil. This
prevents them from sticking to each other. Fry them on a medium high flame.
Important: Spread them in the pan while frying else they stick to each other.

Advertisement

5\. Stir well and fry evenly until golden. You may not get the golden color if
you have not used chili sauce or chilli powder.

6\. Drain them on a kitchen tissue or colander.

### Season Chilli Paneer

7\. Heat 1 tbsp oil in the same pan. Or remove the excess oil from the pan and
retain 1 tablespoon in it. Add 1 tablespoon garlic and saute until they smell
good.

Advertisement

8\. Switch the flame to high. Add cubed onions, spring onions greens,
capsicum, sliced and deseeded chilli. Saute on a high flame till they are
slightly cooked but still crunchy. While the veggies fry, go ahead to the next
step.

9\. **For the restaurant style dry chilli paneer with glossy look** - Add 1
tsp of corn flour with half cup water to a bowl. Stir well and set aside.

For a healthier version, you can even skip using corn flour like the way I
did. The smooth feel of sauce and the glaze will be missing.

**If you want to make the gravy version scroll down to step 15**

10\. Once the veggies are fried for a minute, pour 1 tablespoon soya sauce, ½
to 1 teaspoon vinegar, 1 to 2 tablespoons red chilli sauce or green chilli
sauce, 2 tbsps tomato ketchup and ½ teaspoon chilli powder (optional) or
paste.

11\. Stir the corn flour mixture we made earlier with a spoon and pour it to
the pan. If you are trying to reduce corn starch in your foods then just add 3
tbsps water here instead of corn flour slurry.

Red chilli sauce has some starch in it. So that will be enough to coat the
paneer.

Then allow the sauces to bubble and thicken as well. **** Taste the sauce and
add more salt & sauces if needed. Turn off the stove and let the sauce cool
down a bit.

14\. Next add ¼ teaspoon pepper powder, fried paneer, 2 tablespoons spring
onion greens. If you have not used any corn slurry for the sauce then toss on
a high flame for 1 to 2 minutes to bring a smoky aroma.

Advertisement

Garnish chilli paneer with spring onions. This picture is when I made it
without cornstarch for sauce.

This one is with 1 tsp corn starch and half cup water. This is from the video.

## Make Chilli Paneer Gravy

This gravy version is the same I make for chilli chicken.

**15.** In a small bowl, mix together 4 tablespoons chilli sauce, 2
tablespoons soya sauce, 3 tablespoons ketchup. Mix together 2 teaspoons
cornstarch with 1 cup water to make a slurry. Stir well to break any lumps.

16\. After sauteeing the bell peppers and onions for 2 minutes, pour sauces.
Turn the flame to low, and then stir the corn slurry in the bowl with a spoon.
Pour it slowly to the pan and give a good mix.

17.When the mixture comes to a boil and thickens, taste test it and add half
teaspoon black pepper. Add more sauces or salt as desired. If the mixture
turns too thick, then pour some hot water and stir. When the sauce is ready
turn off the heat.

Cool down a bit and then add the crisp fried paneer and give a good stir.
Garnish with spring onions and serve hot.

Here are some tips which will help you make the best chilli paneer at home.

## Pro Tips

  1. Paneer can be shallow fried, grilled or deep fried. 
  2. Avoid over frying paneer especially on a low flame as it tends to turn hard & chewy.
  3. Do not use lot of chilli powder in the recipe as it totally alters the taste. Instead use a red chilli paste made of soaked red chilies.
  4. You can use any chilli sauce that you prefer just adjust the quantity to suit your taste.
  5. To make chilli paneer gravy, you can double or triple the amount of corn starch & water in the chilli paneer recipe. 
  6. If you add more corn starch, then you will also need to add a proportionate amount of garlic, soya sauce, chilli sauce, pepper, salt, sugar and vinegar.
  7. 2 tsp corn starch for every 1 cup of water gives me the right consistency. 
  8. Adding too much water to the sauce will over cook onions & capsicum making them soggy. So use additional water with caution.
  9. Next too much corn flour and not enough water will not yield a good tasting sauce. The corn starch turns too thick and tastes starchy.

### Tips to limit refined flour

If you are a health nut like me and prefer to limit refined flour, then here
are the tips I follow

  1. Skip all-purpose flour or maida from the recipe completely. Use wheat flour or whole wheat pastry flour to make the batter.
  2. Sometimes I totally skip the corn starch for the sauce and just pour 3 to 4 tbsps water. As red chilli sauce already has some starch in it, adding water thins it down and helps to coat the paneer well. I have followed the same in the step by step photo method.
  3. Other option is to just replace corn starch (for sauce) with arrowroot powder. 
  4. Always choose naturally brewed or organic soya sauce. 
  5. Check the labels before you buy the red chilli sauce. Avoid those having msg & colors. 
  6. Use organic apple cider vinegar.

 **Related Recipes**

### Paneer Manchurian

### Garlic paneer rec...

### Paneer 65 Fry

### Veg Fried Rice, H...

### Hakka Noodles Rec...

### Paneer Recipes

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Chilli Paneer Recipe (Dry & Gravy)

Crispy chilli paneer is a Indo chinese starter or appetizer made by tossing
fried paneer in sweet sour and spicy chilli sauce. This recipe will help you
to make the best restaurant style dish. Serve it as a snack or as a side with
noodles & fried rice.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time7 minutes

Cook Time18 minutes

Total Time25 minutes

Servings4 people

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ 200 grams paneer (cubed to ¾ by ¾ inch pieces)

#### To Make Batter

  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon red chilli powder (kashmiri or less spicy kind) (optional)
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons cornstarch (white corn flour)
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour (maida) (optional)
  * ▢ ⅛ teaspoon black pepper (crushed or ground)
  * ▢ ⅛ teaspoon salt  (adjust to taste)
  * ▢ water ( as needed)
  * ▢ 3 to 4 tablespoon oil  (as needed for shallow frying)

#### For Sauce

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soya sauce  (naturally brewed or organic)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons red chilli sauce (or 1 tbsp hot sauce or green chilli sauce)(adjust to taste)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons tomato ketchup
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon vinegar (i use apple cider)
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon red chili powder (or red chilli paste, optional)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon sugar (adjust to taste)

#### For Chilli Paneer Gravy

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon garlic (finely chopped )
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon spring onions (greens chopped )
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon spring onion (whites chopped)
  * ▢ ½ cup capsicum (bell pepper) cubed 
  * ▢ 1 medium onion (cubed, layers separated)
  * ▢ 1 green chilies (slit and deseeded)
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon black pepper (crushed black pepper)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon cornstarch (2 tsps for more gravy)
  * ▢ ½ cup water (1 cup for more gravy) (adjust as needed)

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Make batter to fry paneer

  * ▢ 

Add cornstarch, all-purpose flour, red chilli powder, crushed black pepper and
salt to a mixing bowl.

  * ▢ 

Pour water, about 6 tablespoons and begin to mix to make a batter. It should
be neither too thick nor too runny. You may add 1 to 2 tablespoons more water
if required. The batter has to be smooth without any lumps.

  * ▢ 

On a medium flame, heat 3 to 4 tablespoons oil in a deep pan for shallow
frying.

  * ▢ 

Add 200 to 250 grams of cubed paneer to the batter. Gently coat paneer with
the batter.

  * ▢ 

Check if the oil is hot enough by dropping a small portion of batter. It must
sizzle and come up to the surface without turning brown. This is the correct
temperature.

  * ▢ 

Pick up each batter coated paneer with a spoon and gently slide them in the
hot oil. Space them apart from each other, do not crowd. Do not disturb them
for a minute or until the batter firms up.

  * ▢ 

Later stir and fry them on a medium heat on all the sides until crispy. Drain
to a kitchen tissue or a steel colander.

#### Prepare sauce

  * ▢ 

**Option 1 - For dry chilli paneer** : Stir in 1 tsp cornstarch to a bowl and
mix with half cup water. Stir well & set aside. To another small cup, add 2
tbsps chilli sauce, 1 tbsp soya sauce, 2 tbsps ketchup, 1 tsp sugar, half tsp
vinegar and half tsp red chilli powder (optional). Set this aside.

  * ▢ 

**Option 2 - For chilli paneer gravy** : Add 2 tsp corn flour & 1 cup water to
a bowl. Stir well and make a lump free slurry. Keep aside. Add in 2 tablespoon
soya sauce, 4 tbsp chilli sauce, 1 teaspoon of vinegar, 3 tablespoons tomato
ketchup and little more salt & sugar. For color add ¾ tsp red chilli powder.
Stir well and set this aside.

#### How to Make Chilli Paneer

  * ▢ 

Remove excess oil from the fry pan retaining 1 tbsp. Fry one tablespoon finely
chopped garlic until it smells good.

  * ▢ 

Then add in 2 tablespoons of spring onion whites and 1 medium onion cubed &
layers separated.

  * ▢ 

Also add in 1 slit green chili and half cup diced capsicum. Saute on a high
flame for 2 mins.

  * ▢ 

Stir the prepared sauce in the bowl and pour it to the pan.

  * ▢ 

Next stir the prepared corn slurry and pour it to the pan. Mix every thing &
cook on a medium heat till the sauce thickens.

  * ▢ 

Check the taste of the sauce. You can add more sauces or salt if you wish to
adjust to your taste.

  * ▢ 

If you want to thin down the sauce, just add some hot water to get the desired
consistency. Turn off the heat and cool down slightly.

  * ▢ 

Add crushed black pepper & fried paneer cubes to the chilli sauce and mix. Add
the spring onion greens.

  * ▢ 

Serve paneer chilli hot as a appetizer. You can also serve this with **hakka
noodles** or **fried rice**.

Advertisement

### Notes

To make the dry version, you can completely skip the corn slurry and just add
the sauces. Pour 3 tbsps water and bring the sauce to a boil. Turn off and
then add the paneer.

In the video I have shown making chilli paneer that has more sauce than the
one shown in step by step pictures. The recipe is the same as mentioned in the
recipe card with 1 tsp cornflour and half cup water.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### Video

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Chilli Paneer Recipe (Dry & Gravy)

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 443 Calories from Fat 288

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 32g **49%**

Saturated Fat 13g **81%**

 **Cholesterol** 56mg **19%**

 **Sodium** 522mg **23%**

 **Potassium** 99mg **3%**

 **Carbohydrates** 26g **9%**

Fiber 2g **8%**

Sugar 10g **11%**

 **Protein** 14g **28%**

**Vitamin A** 1015IU **20%**

 **Vitamin C** 29.3mg **36%**

 **Calcium** 415mg **42%**

 **Iron** 0.5mg **3%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 14K

 __Pin 15K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

29K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Instant rava uttapam | Suji uttapam

NextContinue

Mushroom Pepper Fry

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

192 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

V Sahu

  
Made the gravy recipe, was a delicious and filling dinner alongside some
noodles!

Reply

Advertisement

Bhavana

  
I added ginger, some baby corn, 1 full bell pepper, lots of spring onions, and
put the paneer in directly without frying/coating to make it more of a
healthier main than an appetizer. I used Chilli garlic sauce (with the green
cap). Despite all these changes for health, it still came out so addictively
tasty!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Bhavana

That's awesome! Thanks Bhavana! Glad it turned out good.  
🙂

Reply

Shifa

Ma'am the recipe is well explained, however my dish was tasting a bit sour,
can you tell what went wrong , and next time what should i take care of

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Shifa

Hi Shifa,  
It could be the vinegar or ketchup. Next time skip vinegar and start with a
lower amount of ketchup. Taste test and add more as required. In the
instructions I mention to taste test and adjust the sauces. At this stage if
you feel it is sour, you can actually add a bit of sugar, more chilli sauce &
even soya to balance the flavors. If you are using Heinz ketchup, It is good
to start with 2 tsps instead of tbsps. Hope this helps

Reply

Robyn Schantz

Ideally why type of chili sauce would you use? I know of the regular American
one (Heinz), or the sweet Asian chili sauce. Is it one of those or something
different? Thanks 🙂

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Robyn Schantz

Hi,  
I use the sweet Asian chilli sauce

Reply

Nikki

  
This came out delicious. I made the saucy chilly paneer and served over
quinoa. Air fried the paneer to make it healthier. Wow delicious. Thank you

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Nikki

Glad to know Nikki  
Love the way you served it with quinoa. Thank you

Reply

Rach

  
This was soo easy and delicious. Just like the restaurant!

Reply

Ash

  
I love this but I don’t know why my actual paneer chunks taste bland even
though the sauce is delicious. Any help appreciated 🙂

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Ash

Hi Ash,  
Marinate the paneer with little soya and chilli sauce. Rest it for 30 mins and
then use it. Hope this helps

Reply

__

Ash

__Reply to   swasthi

Thank you Swasthi I will give it a go ☺️

Reply

Advertisement

Fantom

  
Nice ? recipe

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Fantom

Thank you

Reply

PRANAB KUMAR PATEL

  
I love the recipes.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   PRANAB KUMAR PATEL

Thank you!

Reply

Monali Kumari

__Reply to   PRANAB KUMAR PATEL

Nice 👍

Reply

Lisa

  
This chilli paneer turned out extremely good! I was a little skeptical about
using chili powder. But it worked so well. It was also really easy and I
didn’t have to deep fry paneer. I tossed the wet paneer in flour as mentioned
and pan fried. Turned out crisp. The chilli sauce was finger licking. We
served with Asian garlic noodles and green beans I love this recipe! It’s
going in my binder! Thank you. Will be trying more of your recipes.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Lisa

Welcome Lisa  
So glad it turned out delicious. Thank you so much for leaving a comment.

Reply

Rashmi

  
My family loves this Chili paneer. Turns out very delicious every time.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Rashmi

Thank you

Reply

Jobin

  
Dear Swasthi,  
I made paneer for the first time and it turned out great. I will be making
chilli paneer tonight. What kind of red chilli sauce do you use? I have the
Asian sweet chilli sauce. Is this what I can use here. Can tomato ketchup be
sub with tomato paste? Thank you

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Jobin

Hi Jobin,  
Glad to hear that! Yes you can use the Asian chilli sauce and tomato paste as
well. Not sure if you will still need sugar. Feel free to skip it. Hope you
enjoy it.

Reply

roger

I make chilli panner two or 3 times a year. Making it for the last 5 years or
so.  
This is hands down the best recipie.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   roger

Thank you so much Roger  
So glad to know!

Reply

Advertisement

Pavitra

  
Hello,  
Made this chilli paneer with hakka noodles for my gals 5th b'day. It turned
out yummy better than the restaurants. I used little Thai sweet sauce too.
Everyone loved it. I also baked your sponge cake. Thank you for making our
day!!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Pavitra

So glad to know Pavitra  
Thanks for leaving a comment!

Reply

Milind Khedaskar

  
Tried Gravy version of recipe today. Served with fried rice. It was a good
combination for Sunday afternoon lunch. Thank you.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Milind Khedaskar

Welcome!

Reply

Pavi

  
Thank you Sis  
I am a 12 year old. I used your recipe to make chilli paneer today. We also
added some noodles to it. It was delicious ?.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Pavi

Welcome Pavi  
That's great to hear!  
Thanks for leaving a comment

Reply

Gayattri

  
Hi Swasthi, I made this recipe the 2nd time today and it turned out teally
amazing. I had a quick question, can I bake the Paneer instead? For some
reason when I shallow fry it the oil pops everywhere and with the lil kid
around me it’s not safe.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Gayattri

Hi Gayattri  
Glad to know. Yes you can bake them. Marinate paneer a bit in little sauces &
1 to 2 tsps water. Then sprinkle flour and toss to coat them. Grill them in a
preheated oven at 430 F for 6 to 8 mins. Adjust the time as needed.Hope this
helps

Reply

Puja

  
Hi Swasti, u mentioned that we can use arrowroot instead of cornflour for
sauce and I used the the same as I don’t use cornflour but it gets sticky.
Everything including veggies gets sticky with that sauce. Can you please tell
me the reason.  
Thanks

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Puja

Hi Puja,  
Recheck if you are using pure arrowroot powder. I look for the one labelled as
100% pure arrowroot powder. Otherwise they may have other kinds of starch
included in them like potato starch etc. I use arrowroot powder for the sauce
most times as I am much particular about my kids' foods.  
Another reason can be overcooking the starch. You have to turn off the heat
slightly before it turns too thick, meaning still runny.  
Using less water can also make the sauce sticky. Hope this helps.

Reply

Charan

  
Hi swasthi  
Thank you turned out great ?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Charan

Welcome Charan  
Glad to know!

Reply

Advertisement

Minnie

  
Hello Swasthi,  
I have tried a lot of your recipes lately. My entire family appreciates me for
all that I cook including my MIL. I have made your chilli paneer with hakka
noodles tonight for dinner. I didn't have chilli sauce so I replaced it with
sriracha. It turned out yummy. Thank you for all the recipes.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Minnie

Hello Minnie,  
Happy to know! Chilli paneer with hakka noodles pair so well. Yummy dinner.
Thank you .  
🙂

Reply

Harsha

  
I was looking for a good chilli paneer recipe since it's the favourite of my
wife and I!. I have tried a few without success. Thought will give this a go
and it was just awesome!!! My wife actually thought I have ordered from a
take-away!! LOL

First one I have tired of Swasthi and will be trying some more, that's for
sure!!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Harsha

Haha! Glad to know your chilli paneer turned out good.  
Thank you!

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

