https://www.cookwithmanali.com/chilli-paneer/


Skip to content

Menu

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Contact
  * 

Signup for free Instant Pot e-book

Home » Indo Chinese

# Chilli Paneer

Posted on November 5, 2019December 13, 2020 by Manali

  * EF
  * NF

  *   *   * 

Chilli Paneer is a popular Indo-Chinese dish where cubes of fried crispy
paneer are tossed in a spicy sauce made with soy sauce, vinegar, chili sauce!
Goes well with rice or noodles!

Jump to RecipePrint Recipe

Make restaurant style Chilli Paneer at home with this step by step recipe!

Paneer (Indian cottage cheese) is tossed in a flavorful spicy sauce made with
soy sauce, chili sauce, vinegar!

Tastes great with fried rice or hakka noodles.

Indo-Chinese is a cuisine in itself and hugely popular back home in India.

It's the Indian version of Chinese and as you can imagine has lot of
vegetarian options and lots of spices too.

In fact it's so popular that we have a Indo-Chinese restaurant here in Seattle
too!

I grew up loving Indo-Chinese, I actually thought this is how Chinese food was
supposed to be.

It was only when I went to college in Scotland and tasted some real Chinese
food I realized how wrong I was!

They aren't even remotely similar, first of all the Indian version has tons of
vegetarian options, like if you go to a Indo-chinese restaurant, half of the
options on the menu will be vegetarian and then of course the spices!

One of the really popular Indo-Chinese dishes is Chilli Paneer and I am really
excited to share my restaurant style chilli paneer recipe with you guys today!

There are two types of chilli paneer that are popular in India - the _**dry
version**_ which is served as an appetizer and the _**gravy version**_ which
is eaten as a main course with rice or noodles.

I am sharing a semi-dry version with you guys today. It has a little sauce and
you can serve it as an appetizer or even as a main course.

## How to Make Resaturant Style Chilli Paneer

If you follow these tips, you will end up with restaurant style chilli paneer
- minus the MSG!

**Prep everything beforehand:** chop the veggies, get the sauce ready - do
everything before you start making the recipe. You can fry the paneer, set it
aside and then do all the prep work before you start working on the gravy.

Since we cook everything on high heat, it all comes together quickly and
there's hardly anytime to chop things in between.

**Use sesame oil:** I use toasted sesame oil in this chilli paneer recipe and
it does make a difference to the final taste.

**Use celery:** same as sesame oil. Using finely chopped celery really
enhances the flavors.

**Cook on high heat :** when cooking the veggies, the wok should constantly be
oh high heat. You want all veggies to remain crunchy. Lower the flame once you
have added the sauce.

**Use quality ingredients:** I always believe that using quality ingredients
makes so much difference to the final outcome of the dish.

So do use good quality soy sauce, rice vinegar, sesame oil etc.

I also use 2 types of soy sauce, a regular one and dark soy sauce. If you can
get hold of the dark soy sauce, you should do the same.

It gives the paneer a nice dark color.

## Serving Suggestions

You can serve this as an appetizer or as a main course.

It's kind of semi-dry version so it works both ways.

If serving as an appetizer, serve it as such.

If serving as a main course, pair it with plain brown rice, fried rice or
noodles.



## Method

1- Cut paneer into cubes. To a large bowl, add 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 3
tablespoons flour along with salt, pepper.

2- Add water to make a free flowing batter, it should neither be thick nor
thin. I added little less than 1/2 cup water here. Meanwhile heat oil in a
wok/kadai on medium heat to deep fry the paneer.

3- Dip each paneer cube into the batter.

4- And then add them into the hot oil.

5- Fry until the paneer pieces get golden brown and crispy from both sides.
Drain the fried paneer on paper towel.

Meanwhile, in a measuring jar or bowl, add soy sauce (I use regular and dark
soy sauce, 1 tablespoon each), rice vinegar, green chili sauce, tomato ketchup
and sugar. Mix until all is well combined and set aside.

Also mix 1 tablespoon cornstarch with 3 tablespoons water until cornstarch
dissolves completely and set aside.

6- Heat sesame oil and avocado oil in wok on medium-high heat. Once oil is
hot, add the ginger, garlic, celery and green chili. Saute for 1 minute.

7- Then add the quartered onion and peppers.

8- Cook for 2 minutes. Veggies should remain crunchy and you should cook on
high heat.

9- Add in the prepared sauce and mix and lower heat to medium.

10- Then add in the prepared cornstarch slurry. Mix well, sauce will begin to
thicken. Add additional 3 to 4 tablespoons water.

11- Stir in the fried paneer cubes. Toss to combine the paneer with the sauce.

12- Turn off heat and garnish with green onions.

Serve Chilli Paneer with noodles or rice!

If you’ve tried this Chilli Paneer Recipe then don’t forget to rate the
recipe! You can also follow me on Facebook, Instagram to see what’s latest in
my kitchen!

_This post has been updated from the recipe archives, first published in
January 2016._

## Chilli Paneer

Manali

Chilli Paneer is a popular Indo-Chinese dish where cubes of fried crispy
paneer are tossed in a spicy sauce made with soy sauce, vinegar, chili sauce!
Goes well with rice or noodles!

4.98 from 38 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 20 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Total Time 40 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Indo-Chinese

Servings 4

Calories 357 kcal

### Ingredients

#### For frying the paneer

  * ▢ 250 grams paneer cut into cubes
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons cornstarch
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons all purpose flour
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon salt
  * ▢ 1/4 teaspoon black pepper ground
  * ▢ water to make a free flowing batter, little less than 1/2 cup
  * ▢ oil for frying, I used canola oil

#### Sauce

  * ▢ 2 tablespoons soy sauce 30 ml, I used 1 tablespoon regular soy sauce and 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon rice vinegar 15 ml
  * ▢ 3 teaspoons green chili sauce 15 ml
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons tomato ketchup 30 ml
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon sugar

#### Cornstarch slurry

  * ▢ 3 tablespoons water
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon cornstarch

#### Stir-Fry

  * ▢ 1.5 tablespoons sesame oil 22 ml
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon avocado oil 15 ml
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon chopped ginger
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon chopped garlic
  * ▢ 1 stalk celery finely chopped
  * ▢ 1 green chili sliced
  * ▢ 1 medium red onion quartered and petals separated
  * ▢ 1 green pepper cut into squares
  * ▢ 3-4 tablespoons water
  * ▢ green onions chopped, for garnishing

### Instructions



  * Cut paneer into cubes. To a large bowl, add 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 tablespoons flour along with salt, pepper.

  * Add water to make a free flowing batter, it should neither be thick nor thin. I added little less than 1/2 cup water here. Meanwhile heat oil in a wok/kadai on medium heat to deep fry the paneer.

  * Dip each paneer cube into the batter. And then add them into the hot oil.

  * Fry until the paneer pieces get golden brown and crispy from both sides. Drain the fried paneer on paper towel.

  * Meanwhile, in a measuring jar or bowl, add soy sauce (I use regular and dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon each), rice vinegar, green chili sauce, tomato ketchup and sugar. Mix until all is well combined and set aside.

Also mix 1 tablespoon cornstarch with 3 tablespoons water until cornstarch
dissolves completely and set aside.

  * Heat sesame oil and avocado oil in wok on high heat. Once oil is hot, add the ginger, garlic, celery and green chili. Saute for 1 minute.

  * Then add the quartered onion and peppers. Cook for 2 minutes. Veggies should remain crunchy and you should cook on high heat.

  * Add in the prepared sauce and mix and lower heat to medium.

  * Then add in the prepared cornstarch slurry. Mix well, sauce will begin to thicken. Add additional 3 to 4 tablespoons water.

  * Stir in the fried paneer cubes. Toss to combine the paneer with the sauce.

Turn off heat and garnish with green onions.

  * Serve Chilli Paneer with noodles or rice!

### Notes

  1. You may pan fry the paneer cubes as well. Heat few tablespoons of oil in a pan and pan fry paneer until golden-brown from both sides.
  2. To make this recipe gluten-free, use rice flour in place of all purpose flour. Also use tamari (gluten-free soy sauce) in place of regular soy sauce.

### Nutrition

Calories: 357kcalCarbohydrates: 22gProtein: 11gFat: 25gSaturated Fat:
11gCholesterol: 41mgSodium: 978mgPotassium: 175mgFiber: 2gSugar: 5gVitamin A:
220IUVitamin C: 29.1mgCalcium: 317mgIron: 0.6mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @cookwithmanali or tag #cookwithmanali!

##  92 thoughts on "Chilli Paneer"

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

  1. **Mallika** says:

July 27, 2022 at 7:19 am

  
Your recipie was very easy , delicious, appitizing, and healthy and you have
told how to make it in a dry way and i like dry chilli paneer

Reply

  2. **Carly Garofalo** says:

July 14, 2022 at 8:15 pm

Hi Manali! When I tried to fry the paneer it stuck to the bottom of the pan
and burned. Do you know what I am doing wrong? Great recipe even with the
burned paneer!

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

July 22, 2022 at 8:11 pm

try using a non-stick pan or cast iron to fry. make sure oil is hot before
adding the paneer.

Reply

  3. **Sareena** says:

July 1, 2022 at 12:18 pm

Can I air fry the paneer instead of oil fry?

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

July 21, 2022 at 12:02 pm

yes you may!

Reply

  4. **Shuchi** says:

April 30, 2022 at 8:35 pm

  
Great recipe. Fantastic flavor and a healthy meal.

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

May 1, 2022 at 1:13 pm

Thanks for trying Shuchi!

Reply

  5. **Joty** says:

March 3, 2022 at 9:34 pm

What is green chili sauce ? Is it a Chinese condiment or can green chutney be
used ?

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

March 6, 2022 at 4:32 am

it's a spicy sauce made with green chilies. I find it at Indian grocery stores
along with soy sauce etc. You can skip it use any hot sauce

Reply

  6. **Naima** says:

January 24, 2022 at 2:01 pm

How long will this last in the fridge?

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

January 26, 2022 at 1:48 am

2-3 days!

Reply

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

### Hi, I'm Manali!

Bringing you easy, delicious vegetarian & vegan recipes! Eating veggies can be
fun, you just need to get creative in the kitchen with the right set of
ingredients!

Meet Manali

  *   *   *   * 

### Signup & Free E-book

Signup and get a free copy of my e-book on 15 Easy Instant Pot Dinner Recipes

### Order My Cookbook

Whether it’s your favorite Indian takeout or the regular lentils and beans,
these 75 new recipes will show you how easy it is to cook your favorite Indian
meal in the Instant Pot.

My Cookbook

## Popular Recipes

## Kadai Paneer

## Punjabi Chole

## Aloo Gobi

## Instant Pot Brown Rice

• Contact • Press • Privacy • Advertise

© 2022 Cook With Manali

