https://cooking.stackexchange.com/questions/47012/what-is-the-real-difference-in-lo-mein-chow-mein-mei-fun-and-chop-suey


#### Stack Exchange Network

Stack Exchange network consists of 181 Q&A communities including Stack
Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn,
share their knowledge, and build their careers.

Visit Stack Exchange

Loading…

  1.     * Tour  Start here for a quick overview of the site 
    * Help Center  Detailed answers to any questions you might have 
    * Meta  Discuss the workings and policies of this site 
    * About Us  Learn more about Stack Overflow the company 
    * Business  Learn more about our products 

  2.   3. ###  current community

    * Seasoned Advice 

help chat

    * Seasoned Advice Meta 

###  your communities

Sign up or log in to customize your list.

### more stack exchange communities

company blog

  4.   5. Log in
  6. Sign up

Seasoned Advice is a question and answer site for professional and amateur
chefs. It only takes a minute to sign up.

Sign up to join this community

Anybody can ask a question

Anybody can answer

The best answers are voted up and rise to the top

  1. Home 

  2.     1. Public
    2. Questions
    3. Tags 

    4. Users 

    5. Unanswered 

  3. Teams

**Stack Overflow for Teams** – Start collaborating and sharing organizational
knowledge.  Create a free Team Why Teams?

    1. Teams

    2. Create free Team 

**Teams**

Q&A for work

Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and
easy to search.

Learn more

# What is the real difference in lo mein, chow mein, mei fun, and chop suey?

Ask Question

Asked 7 years, 11 months ago

Modified 3 years, 10 months ago

Viewed 185k times

15

2

Prompted by the question  How to cook Lo Mein?  and some of the answers
regarding types of noodles, I started wondering what the real differences are
in the 4 named dishes.

I know what the differences are in American Chinese restaurants and I
understand that there are variations. (E.g., lo mein is usually wheat noodles
while mei fun is usually fine rice noodles.) So, that is not what I'm looking
for.

I would like to know, if I was in China and ordered each one of those dishes,
what would I expect and what would be the difference between them? I
understand that there may be variations based on region but I'm just asking
for the fundamentals.

Also, did chop suey really originate in China?

**Edited to clarify** : I'm just asking a basic question, not for ingredients,
per se. For example - Dish "X" is stir-fried vegetables (with or without meat)
in sauce served with soft rice noodles.

I understand that much of the difference is in the type of noodles used and
how they are prepared. However, I've always heard that much of the American-
Chinese cuisine was loosely adapted and not really the same thing or possibly
didn't originate in China. So, I'm just trying to find out what is authentic.

chinese-cuisine

Share

Improve this question

Follow

edited Apr 13, 2017 at 12:33

CommunityBot

1

asked Sep 9, 2014 at 20:26

CindyCindy

18.3k1212 gold badges5050 silver badges9292 bronze badges

3

  * This might not help w/ the final dishes, but Serious Eats recently had a post on shopping for different types of asian noodles : seriouseats.com/2014/08/asian-noodle-shopping-guide.html

- Joe

Sep 9, 2014 at 20:47

  * 1

Chop Suey: tsap seui (杂碎, “miscellaneous leftovers”) was probably invented by
Chinese in Taishan (Toisan), a county in Guangdong Province (Canton), the home
of many early Chinese immigrants to the U.S.

- Ching Chong

Sep 9, 2014 at 21:08

  * It might be worth reading "On the Noodle Road: From Beijing to Rome, with Love and Pasta", as the first part of the book covers differences in noodle preparations in China (although she mentions that rice sticks aren't noodles to the Chinese)

- Joe

Oct 12, 2018 at 14:22

Add a comment  |

##  4 Answers 4

Sorted by:  Reset to default

Highest score (default)  Date modified (newest first)  Date created (oldest
first)

18

The problem with your question is that you're kind of asking something akin to
"what is the universally accepted traditional preparation for Spaghetti".
While conventionally in much of the English speaking world, that refers to
spaghetti and meat sauce. The word/dish itself refers to a specific style/type
of noodle and could be topped with anything.

Lo Mein and Chow Mein refer to the method of preparation and not the contents
("Stirred Noodle" and "Fried Noodle" respectively). They are both often wheat
based egg noodles. Lo Mein is typically cooked in a broth, whereas Chow mein,
by definition will be cooked in oil. Sometimes it'll be cooked till crispy,
sometimes not.

If you happen to be in some location that serves authentic Chinese food, you
could order dozens of different preparations for each of the above; It could
include various combinations of proteins, vegetables. There are also different
types of specific noodles used (eg: the small flat ones usually called "chow
mein" in north american restaurants, larger round noodles often referred to as
Shanghai Style Chow Mein, etc...). If I walked into a chinese restaurant in
Hong Kong and asked for "Chow Mein" in Chinese, I imagine the response would
most likely be, "what would you like on it?" Generally speaking there would be
some protein and one or more vegetables. This is highly dependent on what is
available locally. This varies greatly in China. Hong Kong will have access to
more ingredients having been an international westernized port for a long
time. The rest of China is more subject to local farming/fishing. That said,
Seafood is very common in Hong Kong Cuisine given that it's a port. My friend
from the north grew up with a lot more pork. But now my answer is becoming
less about the dishes themselves.

Mei Fun means "Rice Noodle". Again, there is no accepted universal rule for
what goes into it. My mom who comes from Hong Hong cooks those noodles half a
dozen different ways depending on her mood.

Chop Suey like @Ching Chong said, just means "miscellaneous leftovers" or
"assorted pieces". The origin is heavily debated and full of myth (see the
wiki page). It is most commonly found these days from my understanding in
Americanized Chinese restaurants in the US. I don't remember seeing it in
Canada for example. Wherever it started, what makes it difficult to answer as
it depends on what the cook wants to put in it. Anecdotally, I'm Canadian
Chinese and have eaten at Chinese restaurants all over the world since I was
born and have never actually ordered this dish, so take my answer for what
it's worth. :-)

Share

Improve this answer

Follow

edited Sep 10, 2014 at 14:44

answered Sep 9, 2014 at 21:52

talon8talon8

11.1k33 gold badges3636 silver badges6262 bronze badges

6

  * 1

_Not_. I am simply asking for the _fundamental_ differences, not each idea or
variation. I simply want to know what is conventional/authentic in Chinese
cuisine and if it is authentic rather than adapted from American culture. Not
that hard or detailed.

- Cindy

Sep 9, 2014 at 23:02

  * 2

I'll try and add a bit more detail. But what I'm suggesting is that the
concept of each of those being a "dish" is in itself a westernized concept.
Just like in authentic East Indian Cuisine "curry" is a very general concept
and "pasta" is in Italian cuisine.

- talon8

Sep 10, 2014 at 14:25

  * Thank you. I added an edit to the question to clarify a bit more what I'm asking.

- Cindy

Sep 10, 2014 at 14:47

  * Chop Suey can be found in restaurants in Canada. The nearby Toronto restaurant has a small Chop Suey section on the menu. I do find it to be less common though.

- amcintosh

Sep 11, 2014 at 12:06

  * So what he means is authentically when you would order something like lo mein that it would only be in referance to the specific type of noodle itself, nothing else. ae.a flat rice noodle which is fried. or a spun ramen noodle that is rolled then stir boiled most likely in broth. is that somewhat close? Talon8 ?

- user44359

Mar 20, 2016 at 2:30

 |  Show **1** more comment

6

Lo mein stands for "tossed noodles," and the texture remains soft and it tends
to soak up sauces pretty well.

Chow mein stands for "fried noodles," and is either deep fried or stir fried
for a longer period of time than lo mein, offering a crisper texture than lo
mein.

Mei fun refers to rice noodles, instead of the wheat-based noodles for lo mein
or chow mein, so you can get just about any kind of style of dish or flavor,
but with noodles made from rice starch (probably good to know for someone with
gluten issues).

"Chop Suey" is not authentic traditional Chinese. It's basically a stir-fried
hodgepodge of ingredients, so results will vary pretty widely. It actually
originated in the USA, but it was created by Chinese immigrants using their
cooking techniques on what was handy.

Share

Improve this answer

Follow

edited Oct 12, 2018 at 15:29

answered Oct 12, 2018 at 14:51

PoloHoleSetPoloHoleSet

3,6041515 silver badges1919 bronze badges

Add a comment  |

2

There is no answer to your question. China is a country larger and more varied
than the United States. Asking what is "authentic" for something like Mei Fun
is like asking what is the "authentic" way to cook chicken, beef stew, or a
hot dog. I have eaten in Chinese restaurants all over the world, from
California to Maine and from Germany to Chile. Even dishes with the same name
vary tremendously depending on what region of China the cook happens to come
from.

Share

Improve this answer

Follow

answered Oct 12, 2018 at 14:03

WoodyWoody

2111 bronze badge

Add a comment  |

0

Their preparation starts with egg noodles made from a mixture of wheat flour
and eggs as they proceed to different methods. Chow noodles are either round
or flattened. The fresh or dry noodles are boiled to gain softness. The dry
noodles are boiled in water for five to six minutes while fresh noodles are
boiled for two or three minutes.

These are added to a stir fry mixture and then cooked until they are crispy.
Most authentic versions of chow mein in Chinese take-out restaurants have soft
noodles.

The difference is due to frying time and amount of oil used. Chow mein results
in varied texture within the dish. The other method of preparing chow mein
noodles is to fry them separately on a pancake. The stir fry meat and
vegetables are then poured on top.

There are two types of chow mein namely; steamed chow mein and crispy chow
mein. The steamed version has a softer texture while the other one is crispier
and drier. Lo mein preparation starts with fresh noodles only, preferably 0.25
inch thick. They are also boiled and added to a stir fry mixture with a lot of
sauce. They are tossed long enough for them to soak the sauce.

Share

Improve this answer

Follow

answered Jun 11, 2016 at 1:27

HarpreetHarpreet

1

Add a comment  |

##  Your Answer

Thanks for contributing an answer to Seasoned Advice!

  * Please be sure to _answer the question_. Provide details and share your research!

But _avoid_ …

  * Asking for help, clarification, or responding to other answers.
  * Making statements based on opinion; back them up with references or personal experience.

To learn more, see our tips on writing great answers.

Draft saved

Draft discarded

### Sign up or log in

Sign up using Google

Sign up using Facebook

Sign up using Email and Password

Submit

### Post as a guest

Name

Email

Required, but never shown

### Post as a guest

Name

Email

Required, but never shown

Post Your Answer  Discard

By clicking “Post Your Answer”, you agree to our terms of service, privacy
policy and cookie policy

##  Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged chinese-
cuisine or ask your own question.

#### Linked

8

How to cook Lo Mein?

#### Related

9

Chinese pork jerky: what makes them so tender, how do you make it?

6

What is the difference between "Mongolian Grill" and "Hibachi"?

6

Is there a difference between the grocery store package of chow mein noodles
and the package of lo mein noodles?

6

Is asking for a "Chinese menu" in a Chinese restaurant a common way to get
more authentic dishes?

4

Dried tofu - does it have another name, and where can I get it in the UK?

6

How can I make 'Santon sauce'

8

How to cook Lo Mein?

2

Chow Mein: What is the starchy sauce called and how can I cook it?

13

Is there supposed to be a difference between General Tso's and Sesame Chicken
besides the seeds?

1

How do I make noodles greasy?

####  Hot Network Questions

  * Should the word "free" appear in Romans 6:23 as an adjective to "gift"? 
  * Capacitor-charging parallel circuit and given current 
  * Contrator made Concrete parallelogram for shed foundation 
  * CC-By-SA: Can the author update his past creation when updating his name? 
  * How to get even numbers from adding pairs? (best title I thought of) 
  * Where does the energy in coal bonds come from? 
  * On top of my head? 
  * SSD/HDD file format for use in both Windows 11 and Ubuntu 22.04 
  * MYSQL files occupied whole disk, which file to delete to recover 
  * Excel - Lookup exact match in one column and exact or next higher match in another column 
  * How do on-hit pushback effects interact with multiattacks? 
  * Why is the total electrostatic energy bigger than the sum of separate energies? 
  * First time traveling by plane - concerned about short connections at Newark 
  * Has China ever clearly stated that it would invade Taiwan if it declares independence? 
  * Department is being safety audited so they are making me sign a pile of documents I've never seen before in my several years there 
  * Lateral Approximant v. s. Lateral consonant 
  * Select feature by expression and run "native:buffer" on selection, works for "id" field but no other field in PyQGIS 
  * How can I word an aspect that I can potentially veto being compelled without using an X-Card? 
  * Get coordinates of a print layout item in QGIS 
  * Would adding the standard cantrip damage scaling to Shillelagh only for single-class druids be unbalanced? 
  * Can I contact an author I reviewed for a typo in his manuscript without saying I'm his reviewer? 
  * apt-get install does not find local library 
  * Why are PIN codes usually of even length (4 or 6)? 
  * Why 'Vir' is the only word of 2nd declension with -ir ending? 

more hot questions

Question feed

#  Subscribe to RSS

Question feed

To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader.

##### Seasoned Advice

  * Tour
  * Help
  * Chat
  * Contact
  * Feedback

##### Company

  * Stack Overflow
  * Teams
  * Advertising
  * Collectives
  * Talent
  * About
  * Press
  * Legal
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Service
  * Cookie Settings
  * Cookie Policy

##### Stack Exchange Network

  * Technology 
  * Culture & recreation 
  * Life & arts 
  * Science 
  * Professional 
  * Business 
  * API 
  * Data 

  * Blog
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * LinkedIn
  * Instagram

Site design / logo (C) 2022 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed
under CC BY-SA. rev 2022.8.2.42721

Your privacy

By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies
on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy.

Accept all cookies  Customize settings



