https://tastykitchen.com/blog/2014/09/singapore-noodles-singapore-mei-fun/


The Pioneer Woman Tasty Kitchen

  * Home
  * Recipes

# Super Easy Shortcut Hummus

by Lindsay @ My Therapist Cooks

The best hummus ever with just two ingredients! Make a batch of lemon tahini
dressing first, then add chick peas and presto, hummus!

# Coconut Blueberry Wholemeal Muffins

by Cheryl Whyte

Sometimes you just need something a little sweet, right!? Well, I’ve got a
treat for you! These wholesome and healthy Coconut Blueberry Wholemeal Muffins
are full of coconutty goodness and loaded with nutritious blueberries.

# Cinnamon Coffee Cake

by Krystle

What's not to like about this cake with a rich cinnamon swirl, and an
irresistible crumb topping. Best brunch idea ever!

# Grandma’s Dill Pickles

by Jennifer Locklin

Our family's favorite dill pickles! Packed with garlic and fresh dill, these
crisp dill pickles will add a boost of flavor to any meal. This Czech recipe
has been passed down through our family for generations.

# Fresh and Easy Pico de Gallo

by Nam | The Culinary Chronicles

Pico de Gallo is a delish and reliable staple to go along with your summer
meals.

# Chocolate Orange Mousse

by Caroline

Yum! Chocolate Orange Mousse is one of the best combinations! In a classically
made light and bubbly French mousse—beautiful!

# Refreshing Iced Ginger Lemonade

by ashley

This refreshing iced ginger lemonade packs a lot of punch in flavor and health
benefits. Made wholesome ingredients like fresh ginger, lemon and raw honey.
Enjoy iced or you can even enjoy warm during the fall and winter months.
Paleo, gluten-free and refined-sugar-free.

# Peppermint Sugar Cookie Ice Cream Pie

by Gayle | Pumpkin 'N Spice

This Peppermint Sugar Cookie Ice Cream Pie is an easy dessert that’s full of
holiday flavors!

# Super Flaky All-Butter Pie Crust

by Patricia @ ButterYum

This unique pie crust technique brakes all the traditional pie-crust-making
rules, but it makes the flakiest pie crust ever, and you don't need any
special equipment!

# Creamy Garlic Shrimp with Parmesan

by Blondelish.com

This easy one-pan recipe includes plump seared shrimp in a rich and melty
Parmesan sauce topped with fresh basil.

# Red Pepper Pesto Pasta Salad

by Katie Clack

This roasted red pepper pesto pasta salad is bursting with Mediterranean
flavors and features a delicious vegan spin on pesto!

# Quick and Easy Cilantro Lime Rice

by Lori Kemph | Mutt & Chops

A fresh and bright side dish for both Mexican and Asian cuisine. So easy,
quick and delicious you'll make it much more often going forward

# Instant Pot Chicken and Wild Rice Soup

by Lynnette

This Instant Pot wild rice soup is loaded with protein and vegetables, and it
is so easy to make. It is a delicious and comforting dish that is perfect for
meal prep!

# Vegan Meatballs (Keto, Gluten-Free)

by Kendall Smith

Finally! Vegan meatballs that are also low-carb! These little plant-based
balls of yum are keto-friendly, gluten-free and have a perfect meat-replacing
texture. Packed with flavour and nutrients, they're sure to be a huge hit with
the whole family!

    * Appetizers
    * Breads
    * Breakfast
    * Canning
    * Condiments
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * Holidays
    * Homemade Ingredients
    * Main Courses
    * Salads
    * Sides
    * Soups
    * Special Dietary Needs

  * Community
  * Blog

    * Baking
    * Holidays
    * Kitchen Talk
    * Looks Delicious!
    * Meet the Member!
    * Step-by-Step Recipes
    * The Theme Is…
    * Miscellaneous

  * Menu

    * Home
    * Recipes

# Super Easy Shortcut Hummus

by Lindsay @ My Therapist Cooks

The best hummus ever with just two ingredients! Make a batch of lemon tahini
dressing first, then add chick peas and presto, hummus!

# Coconut Blueberry Wholemeal Muffins

by Cheryl Whyte

Sometimes you just need something a little sweet, right!? Well, I’ve got a
treat for you! These wholesome and healthy Coconut Blueberry Wholemeal Muffins
are full of coconutty goodness and loaded with nutritious blueberries.

# Cinnamon Coffee Cake

by Krystle

What's not to like about this cake with a rich cinnamon swirl, and an
irresistible crumb topping. Best brunch idea ever!

# Grandma’s Dill Pickles

by Jennifer Locklin

Our family's favorite dill pickles! Packed with garlic and fresh dill, these
crisp dill pickles will add a boost of flavor to any meal. This Czech recipe
has been passed down through our family for generations.

# Fresh and Easy Pico de Gallo

by Nam | The Culinary Chronicles

Pico de Gallo is a delish and reliable staple to go along with your summer
meals.

# Chocolate Orange Mousse

by Caroline

Yum! Chocolate Orange Mousse is one of the best combinations! In a classically
made light and bubbly French mousse—beautiful!

# Refreshing Iced Ginger Lemonade

by ashley

This refreshing iced ginger lemonade packs a lot of punch in flavor and health
benefits. Made wholesome ingredients like fresh ginger, lemon and raw honey.
Enjoy iced or you can even enjoy warm during the fall and winter months.
Paleo, gluten-free and refined-sugar-free.

# Peppermint Sugar Cookie Ice Cream Pie

by Gayle | Pumpkin 'N Spice

This Peppermint Sugar Cookie Ice Cream Pie is an easy dessert that’s full of
holiday flavors!

# Super Flaky All-Butter Pie Crust

by Patricia @ ButterYum

This unique pie crust technique brakes all the traditional pie-crust-making
rules, but it makes the flakiest pie crust ever, and you don't need any
special equipment!

# Creamy Garlic Shrimp with Parmesan

by Blondelish.com

This easy one-pan recipe includes plump seared shrimp in a rich and melty
Parmesan sauce topped with fresh basil.

# Red Pepper Pesto Pasta Salad

by Katie Clack

This roasted red pepper pesto pasta salad is bursting with Mediterranean
flavors and features a delicious vegan spin on pesto!

# Quick and Easy Cilantro Lime Rice

by Lori Kemph | Mutt & Chops

A fresh and bright side dish for both Mexican and Asian cuisine. So easy,
quick and delicious you'll make it much more often going forward

# Instant Pot Chicken and Wild Rice Soup

by Lynnette

This Instant Pot wild rice soup is loaded with protein and vegetables, and it
is so easy to make. It is a delicious and comforting dish that is perfect for
meal prep!

# Vegan Meatballs (Keto, Gluten-Free)

by Kendall Smith

Finally! Vegan meatballs that are also low-carb! These little plant-based
balls of yum are keto-friendly, gluten-free and have a perfect meat-replacing
texture. Packed with flavour and nutrients, they're sure to be a huge hit with
the whole family!

      * Appetizers
      * Breads
      * Breakfast
      * Canning
      * Condiments
      * Desserts
      * Drinks
      * Holidays
      * Homemade Ingredients
      * Main Courses
      * Salads
      * Sides
      * Soups
      * Special Dietary Needs

    * Community
    * Blog

      * Baking
      * Holidays
      * Kitchen Talk
      * Looks Delicious!
      * Meet the Member!
      * Step-by-Step Recipes
      * The Theme Is…
      * Miscellaneous

Advanced

Sign Up Log In

h a f e d

# Blog

  * Baking
  * Holidays
  * Kitchen Talk
  * Looks Delicious!
  * Meet the Member!
  * Miscellaneous
  * Step-by-Step Recipes
  * The Theme Is…

## Recently

  * Prev
  * Next

  * **Cranberry Butter** Nov 11, 2015 
  * **Looks Delicious! Peanut Butter and Honey Trail Mix Bars** Nov 04, 2015 
  * **Looks Delicious! Loaded Butternut Squash and Sweet Potato Soup** Oct 28, 2015 
  * **Looks Delicious! Turkey Chorizo Hatch Chili** Oct 22, 2015 
  * **Looks Delicious! Butternut Squash Lentil Soup** Oct 14, 2015 
  * **Pizza Nachos** Oct 09, 2015 
  * **Quick and Easy Baked Apples** Oct 01, 2015 
  * **Two Quick Solutions for a Sudden Cookie Fix** Sep 21, 2015 
  * **Looks Delicious! Basic Granola** Sep 14, 2015 
  * **Cookies and Cream Donuts** Sep 08, 2015 
  * **Grilled Macadamia-Crusted Pineapple with Coconut Cream** Sep 03, 2015 
  * **Bacon Jam (Ooh Mommy!)** Aug 31, 2015 
  * **Announcing Food & Friends!** Aug 28, 2015 
  * **No-Bake Granola Bars** Aug 24, 2015 
  * **Let 's Talk Corn!** Aug 20, 2015 

**Sep** 2 2014

# Singapore Noodles (Singapore Mei Fun)

Posted by Natalie | Perry's Plate in Step-by-Step Recipes

As much as I love eating out, I can't help but mentally calculate the meal I
could have prepared at home for the cost of the meal in the restaurant. That
meal in my head is usually much larger and consists of higher quality food.
Often it ends up tasting better and costing less. Plus, it's almost always
healthier when made at home.

That being said, I don't miss having someone else do the work and clean up the
mess when it's all over. I suppose that's what we pay for when we eat out. Not
having a toddler clinging to my legs is sometimes worth the extra cost.

Having small children definitely helps with the temptation to eat out
frequently. So does finding popular restaurant or take out recipes to prepare
at home. Enter: Singapore Noodles (Singapore Mei Fun) from Tasty Kitchen
member Sarah.

You'll be glad you stayed home for this. I promise.

Let's get started!

  
  
  

First you'll need a bunch of stuff. Nothing too hard to find, though. You'll
need medium uncooked shrimp (peeled, tail-on), Napa cabbage, a red onion, soy
sauce (or tamari), sesame seed oil, rice noodles (I used Maifun rice sticks),
coconut oil (or any other heat-safe oil), curry powder, eggs, salt, carrots,
and green onions. The recipe also calls for Chinese sausage. I don't recall
ever seeing Chinese sausage in a store in Northern Nevada and taking small
children on a hunt around town is about as fun as taking them to a nice
restaurant. So, I used smoked deli ham like Sarah suggested.

  
  
  

If your shrimp is frozen (like mine was), put them in a sieve and run tepid
water over them for a minute or so until they soften. I left mine sitting in
the sink for several minutes while I gathered the rest of the ingredients.

  
  
  

Once the shrimp is fully thawed, pull the tails off. Then, run the tip of your
knife along the inside curve of each shrimp to remove the intestinal tract.
(Yep, that's what that is. Gross, huh?) This really doesn't take long.

  
  
  

Now we start prepping the vegetables. This recipe is rather heavy on the
chopping, but the cooking time is super quick and easy. It all balances out!

Slice the Napa cabbage into skinny ribbons.

  
  
  

Shred the carrots and slice the green onions thinly.

  
  
  

Trim, peel, and slice the red onion.

  
  
  

Slice up that deli ham, too.

Chopping is over! We survived!

  
  
  

Now crack the eggs into a bowl and give them a good whisk. Pour them into a
small nonstick skillet, and cook until eggs are done, flipping halfway
through. You want to make an omelet-like form instead of a scramble, so don't
move them around while they cook.

Transfer them to a cutting board and … oh. I guess we do have a little
chopping left. But it's super quick. Cut the eggs into ribbons.

  
  
  

Place the rice noodles in a bowl of hot water. Let them sit for 5 minutes or
until they become pliable but still too crunchy to eat. If you leave them in
too long, they'll turn to mush when you cook them.

  
  
  

Alrighty. We've got our ingredients prepped and ready to go. You could
actually do this the night before and keep them refrigerated until you need
them. That would be handy on a busy night and you'd have dinner on the table
in less than 15 minutes.

Your family will think you're a rockstar.

  
  
  

Grab your wok. Or large saute pan with high sides. Or some kind of deep
skillet to keep everything in.

Bring the coconut oil to medium-high heat, then add the shrimp.

  
  
  

Add the ham. Stir them around and keep things moving as you add the other
ingredients.

  
  
  

Now throw in the cabbage, red onion, and shredded carrots.

I have to tell you. Trying to photograph a stir-fry step-by-step is an
adventure. Seriously. Tossing vegetables into a screaming hot skillet and
keeping them from burning while trying to get decent sort-of-in-focus photos
through all the steam is wild. I like to live on the edge.

  
  
  

Once you get it all mixed together, add the curry. And stir again.

There's a reason why this is a stir-fry.

  
  
  

Add the rice noodles, breaking them apart as you put them in. Using your
tongs, try to combine the rice noodles with the rest of the contents of the
pan.

  
  
  

If you spill, I won't judge.

  
  
  

We're almost to the finish line! Add the soy sauce and sesame oil.

  
  
  

Add the green onions, salt, pepper, and egg ribbons. Stir those in gently.

  
  
  

Dump it all onto a platter and serve it up!

I have to say, this exceeded my expectations. I ADORE this meal. It was fun to
make, and I love the bright colors from the spices and vegetables. It's also
light, but filling. You could even replace some noodles with more vegetables
to add more of those vitamin things. If you don't like shrimp, thinly sliced
chicken or beef would also be good.

  
  
  

Thank you, Sarah, for giving me another reason to make a meal at home!

Be sure to visit Sarah's TK recipe box and her blog, The Woks of Life (I love
that name) for more Chinese recipes!  
  
Notes:  
1\. This recipe called for dried chiles which I initially omitted because my
kids freak out when food has the slightest amount of heat. However, I added
them anyway at the last minute, and I'm glad I did! Three peppers gave it just
the right amount of tingle.  
2\. I doubled this recipe to feed our family of five and ended up with a lot
of food. Enough for 6 adult servings.

  
  

## Printable Recipe

# Singapore Noodles (Singapore Mei Fun)

by Sarah @ The Woks of Life on November 5, 2013 in Main Courses November 5,
2013 Main Courses

See post on Sarah @ The Woks of Life's site!

5.00 Mitt(s) 2 Rating(s)

Prep Time: 20 mins

Cook Time: 10 mins

Difficulty: Easy

Servings: 2

Share f a e

2

  * Print
  * Leave a comment
  * write a review

x

#### Print Options

Page size Letter  3x5  4x6  Text Size Small  Medium  Large  Content Include
description  
Include prep time, etc.  
Show image  Print

### Description

You'll find it on every takeout menu in America but it's actually really easy
to make at home! Try my dad's authentic recipe.

### Ingredients

  * 12 whole Shrimps, Peeled, Deveined, And Butterflied
  * 2 cups Soaked Rice Noodles
  * 2 whole Eggs (optional)
  * 3 cups Shredded Napa Cabbage
  * 1 whole Carrot
  * 1 whole Scallion
  * ½ whole Red Onion
  * 3 whole Dried Red Chiles (optional)
  * ⅓ cups Thinly Sliced Roast Pork, Ham, Or Chinese Sausage
  * 1 Tablespoon Oil
  * 1-½ Tablespoon Curry Powder
  * 2 teaspoons Salt
  * 1 Tablespoon Shaoxing Wine
  * ½ teaspoons Sesame Oil
  * ½ Tablespoons Soy Sauce
  * ¼ teaspoons White Pepper

### Preparation Instructions

Rinse the shrimp and pat dry. Soak the rice noodles in cold water for 20
minutes. Drain the noodles just before you’re ready cook.

If you decide to use eggs in this, beat them in a bowl and make a thin omelet
by cooking eggs in a hot oiled wok or nonstick skillet. Transfer to the
cutting board and cut the omelet into thin strips about 2 to 3 inches long and
set aside. Julienne the napa cabbage, carrot, and scallion. Thinly slice the
red onion and set aside along with the dried chili peppers. Cut the Chinese
sausage (or ham or pork) into thin pieces similar to the size of the carrots.

Heat the wok on the highest setting and add oil, sausage and shrimp and stir-
fry for about 10 seconds. Add the dried chili peppers, carrot, napa cabbage
and onion and stir-fry for about 30 seconds and then sprinkle the curry powder
evenly over the mixture.

Add the rice noodles and while doing so, make sure you rip them into
manageable 7- to 8-inch lengths for easy eating later. Add the salt and wine
and mix well (about 1 to 2 minutes), making sure you firmly scrape the bottom
of the wok with your spatula to prevent the noodles from sticking. A hot wok
is a must to prevent sticking but ensuring that you scrape the bottom of the
wok as you mix is an important technique.

The noodles should be taking on the rich color of the curry powder. Add the
sesame oil, soy sauce, white pepper, scallions and the cooked egg if you
decided to include it. Mix thoroughly again for another minute, plate and
serve immediately!

  
  
_______________________________________

_Be sure to check out Natalie 's own beautiful food blog, Perrys' Plate, where
you can see her growing collection of lovely recipes. There's always something
new to see there. Go visit now!_

Share f a e

### 6 Comments

Comments are closed for this recipe.

####  **Susan** on 9.8.2014

I just made this just now , following directions exactly, and I threw it out
after 1 bite. TOO MUCH SALT. Like I have hypertension now. Otherwise, it was
tasty and when I stop being mad about I'll try again with oh about 1/2 a
teaspoon or so.

####  DessertForTwo on 9.8.2014

Wow! This sounds awesome! I'm always looking for ways to incorporate more
cabbage into our diet because we wanna live foreverrrr

####  **Carol at Wild Goose Tea** on 9.5.2014

This is one of my ALL TIME favorite dishes. I didn't discover them until about
5 yrs ago, which is strange because I eat a lot of Asian food. This looks like
a wonderful inclusive ingredient recipe that truly does a top notch job. Most
excellent!

####  **Libby** on 9.5.2014

I'm pretty sure that the intestinal vein is the one that runs along the
outside of the shrimp (not the inside) - the inside line is part of the
central nervous system and doesn't need to be removed (and the outside one is
much easier, too). Recipe looks tasty and caught my eye because I live in
singapore where, maybe not a surprise, you can't even find this dish!

####  **Anne** on 9.2.2014

I LOVE Singapore Noodles and can't wait to try your recipe! Thanks for posting
it and the gorgeous photos

####  Sarah @ The Woks of Life on 9.2.2014

Hey Natalie, awesome job, and glad you liked the dish! Your photos turned out
better than ours! : )

## Search the Blog

advanced blog search

(C) Copyright 2006-2022, The Pioneer Woman | Ree Drummond.  
All Rights Reserved  
Powered by WordPress

