https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/schezwan-noodles-recipe-veg-noodles/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Schezwan noodles

Home >> Recipes >> Indo-Chinese Recipes

Byswasthi

14 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**Schezwan noodles recipe** with steps to make your own instant **schezwan
sauce**. Schezwan noodles is an immensely popular **Indo chinese** dish served
in Indian Chinese restaurants. These are the most flavorful, spicy & hot
noodles made using Szechuan sauce. In this post I have also shared how to make
your own sauce for this recipe. So you don't need the bottled sauce here.

* * *

Ingredients like ginger, garlic, soya sauce, vinegar, red chilli paste &
sichuan pepper corn are used to make the spicy sauce. The store bought sauce
usually has loads of other additives, artificial taste enhancers and
preservatives.

Many restaurants usually make these without much veggies. Some onions and bell
peppers is all that is used. So you can skip veggies like carrots.

To make schezwan noodles, you can use any kind of noodles you prefer. Usually,
the regular round noodles are used. But I have used the flat ones since this
is what I had. You can also use soba, udon or rice noodles here.

Just ensure you follow the instructions on the pack for cooking time. You can
also make the sauce in advance from this **Schezwan sauce post**. If you have
it handy, just stir it with some boiled noodles on a high flame.

You can also check this **Schezwan fried rice** and **schezwan chicken** from
Indian-chinese cuisine

For more **Noodles recipes** , check  
 **Veg noodles  
Hakka noodles  
Egg noodles  
Chicken noodles**

Advertisement

## Preparation

1\. Chop the veggies you desire to use along with garlic, ginger and onions.
Set these aside.

2\. Bring water to a rolling boil in a large pot. Add the noodles and cook
until al dente. Do not overcook them.

3\. Drain to a colander and rinse. Add a tsp of oil if desired and toss well.
Set aside.

4\. Make a red chili paste by adding red chili powder to a small bowl. Add few
tsps of water to make a thick chilli paste. Please note that the red chili
powder must be of good quality and less hot. You can also soak deseeded
kashmiri red chilies and blend them to a paste.

## Making sauce

5\. Heat a pan with oil, Saute ginger, garlic until they turn aromatic.

6\. Add finely chopped onions. Saute until they turn golden.

7\. Add the red chili paste, tomato sauce (optional) and very little salt.

Advertisement

8\. Then add soya sauce and sugar.

9\. Add Vinegar. Saute all of these until you smell them good.

10\. Add 2 tbsp water. Mix well. Add crushed sichuan pepper, you can replace
it with pepper.

11\. Cook until the oil begins to separate. Set this aside.

Advertisement

## how to make schezwan noodles

12\. In restaurants, broken red chilies are used to make schezwan noodles or
fried rice. If you like that, you can fry the red chilies first until crisp at
this stage. Add spring onion whites and saute for 1 minute.

Add chopped veggies and saute until on the highest flame until they are half
cooked yet crunchy.

13\. Add the sauce we kept aside & the noodles. Fry on a high flame for 2 to 3
minutes and then add spring onion greens.

14\. Add more oil and salt if needed.

Serve schezwan noodles hot.

## Variations

**This recipe can also be used to make spicy egg noodles**. Just beat an egg
and pour it to the pan once the veggies are fried. Scramble & fry until the
egg is cooked completely. Increase the amount of soya sauce, vinegar and
chilli. You can also use boiled egg or shrimps.

**Related Recipes**

### Schezwan Sauce

### Chicken Noodles R...

### Schezwan Fried Ri...

### Schezwan Chicken

### Veg Noodles Recip...

## Recipe card

Advertisement

## Schezwan noodles

Indo chinese style veg schezwan noodles made with instant sauce. This makes
for a quick meal and is great on its own without a side dish.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time5 minutes

Cook Time25 minutes

Total Time30 minutes

Servings2

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

#### Basic ingredients

  * ▢ 2 to 3 cakes noodles  (or 2 serving size, 160 to 180 grams)
  * ▢ 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil  or sesame oil
  * ▢ 2 dried red chilies broken
  * ▢ 1 ¼ cup mixed vegetables chopped ( carrots, capsicum,beans, mushrooms)
  * ▢ 2 sprigs spring onions ( separate greens and whites)

#### For the sauce or use 1½ tbsp schezwan sauce

  * ▢ 1½ tablespoons red chili paste or 15 to 20 red chillies or red chilli powder
  * ▢ 1 to 1½ tablespoon tomato sauce (optional)
  * ▢ ¾ tablespoon garlic  chopped finely
  * ▢ ¾ tablespoon ginger chopped finely
  * ▢ 1 onion medium sized , chopped finely
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon salt (adjust as needed)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon sugar
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soya sauce (naturally brewed)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon vinegar
  * ▢ ¼ to ½ teaspoon sichuan pepper  powder (or ground black pepper)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon celery chopped, optional

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Preparation

  * ▢

Bring 6 to 8 cups of water to a rolling boil in a pot.

  * ▢

Add the noodles and cook al dente. Follow the instructions on the pack for
exact cook time.

  * ▢

When they are done, drain them to a colander and rinse under running water.
Drain well.

  * ▢

Drizzle 1 tsp oil and run your fingers through the noodles to keep them non-
sticky.

  * ▢

While the noodles cook make red chili paste. Soak red chilies in hot water
until soft. Blend to make a smooth paste. or Mix chili powder with little
water to make a thick paste.

  * ▢

Next rinse and chop all the veggies.

#### Make sauce or use ready made as needed

  * ▢

Pour 1 tablespoon oil in a pan and heat it on a high flame.

  * ▢

Saute ginger and garlic until they smell good.

  * ▢

Then saute the onions until golden. If using celery add it and saute for 2
mins.

  * ▢

Reduce the flame. Add red chili paste, tomato sauce, salt, sugar, soya sauce
and vinegar. Saute until a nice smell comes out.

  * ▢

Sprinkle 2 tbsp water and sichuan pepper. Next mix well. Fry until the oil
separates.

  * ▢

Taste the sauce and add more red chilli paste, soya or salt to suit your
taste. Keep this aside in a plate.

#### How to make schezwan noodles

  * ▢

Pour another tablespoon oil and heat it on a high flame. Add the red chilies
and saute until crisp. Then add spring onion whites and saute for a minute.

  * ▢

Fry veggies until half done yet crunchy.

  * ▢

Add the noodles, schezwan sauce and spring onion greens.

  * ▢

Mix and Fry for 2 to 3 mins. Next add more oil and salt if needed.

  * ▢

Serve veg schezwan noodles hot.

Advertisement

### Notes

Sichuan pepper are a different kind of peppers used widely in the Sichuan
cuisine. This is the key ingredient that adds citrusy aroma to the sauce. If
you do not have them you can substitute with regular black pepper. But you
will miss on the original flavors.

Please use sichuan pepper with caution as it has a tongue numbing effect when
used in excess. If using in ground form then start with 1/4 tsp for 2 serving.
If using them crushed like me, then you can use upto 1 tsp.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Schezwan noodles

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 273 Calories from Fat 135

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 15g **23%**

Saturated Fat 2g **13%**

 **Sodium** 1213mg **53%**

 **Potassium** 613mg **18%**

 **Carbohydrates** 32g **11%**

Fiber 7g **29%**

Sugar 9g **10%**

 **Protein** 7g **14%**

**Vitamin A** 6516IU **130%**

 **Vitamin C** 101mg **122%**

 **Calcium** 61mg **6%**

 **Iron** 2mg **11%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

The recipe shared above makes 2 servings, please do not gauge the quantity of
ingredients in the step by step photos since I had doubled the recipe here.

Advertisement

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Salmon Curry Recipe

NextContinue

Tandoori Cauliflower Recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

14 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Avani Patel

Hi what type of beans do you use please?  
Thanks

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Avani Patel

Hi,  
Use fine green beans. If you don't get then use French beans

Reply

Advertisement

Bb

I will be making this tonight. I do not have dried red chillies. Can I use
frozen reconstituted red chillies?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Bb

Hi Bb,  
Yes you can use them. You can skip the soaking. Defrost and blend.

Reply

Leo

  
There's no ginger in the ingredient list but the instructions say to saute
ginger and garlic. How much ginger (fresh? powder?) is used? Maybe a typo?? 1t
garlic is shown twice in the list.

AND

How many noodles?-weight wise (grams) would be good to know. "Two packs" is
not an amount., especially when noodles are sold in one pound packages (here).

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Leo

Hi Leo  
yes its a typo.  
use fresh ginger  
Approximately 80 grams is a serving size. You may set aside some cooked
noodles . Stir and then if needed add up the one that was set aside.For this
recipe you may need to use about 150 to 160 grams of noodles.

Reply

Lisa

Hi Swasthi, thanks for this recipe. I want to try it soon -- have been craving
noodles! I'm wondering, which kind of noodles did you use here? I like the
looks of them and would like to use the same kind. Thanks again.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Lisa

Hi Lisa  
You are welcome. These are called flat noodles. The ones I used are made of
white wheat. Do try the recipe. It works well with any kind of noodles.

Reply

Anuradha Shankar Venkataraman

awesome recipies.really well explained.i am gonna try as amny as i can soon
..:-)

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Anuradha Shankar Venkataraman

Thanks Anuradha  
Do try them and share with us how they turned out  
🙂

Reply

marudhuskitchen

Most wanted recipe love to have this whole plate

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   marudhuskitchen

Thank you

Reply

aalia

It was awsom

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   aalia

Thank you

Reply

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

