https://www.cookclickndevour.com/schezwan-noodles-vegan/


  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

  *   *   *   * 

Cook Click N Devour!!!

Easy Vegetarian & Vegan Recipes For Everyone

  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

Home / Main Course / **Schezwan Noodles (Vegan)**

Published: June 29, 2021 | By Harini

# Schezwan Noodles (Vegan)

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

**Schezwan noodles** is a delicious, flavorful and vibrant noodles that you
will love for a weeknight comfort dinner. This noodles comes together in 20
minutes flat and tastes incredible. You just need handful of simple
ingredients and some veggies to make this.

Here is how you can make this yummy noodles easily, you are gonna love this ðŸ™‚
I am also sharing a super easy recipe to make instant schezwan sauce if you do
have it handy.

The other day when I shared schezwan sauce recipe, many of you asked me for
schezwan noodles and fried rice. Well these too are my favorite too and it
just occurred to me that I don't have those recipe here.

So I made these noodles today, just to click picture for you guys ðŸ™‚ and as a
bonus we enjoyed one of our fav dish among Indo chinese cuisine. I love
noodles loaded with veggies like this one, veg chowmien, easy veg noodles,
chili garlic noodles, hakka noddles.

On days when I make tofu stir fry, gobi manchurian or baby corn manchurian, I
make some simple fried rice or this schezwan noodles to go with it. These
dishes may be intimidating for beginners, but these are so easy to make and so
much better in quality than restaurants.

Coming to talk of restaurant foods, the indo chinese dishes from takeaways and
restaurants are mostly loaded with msg, colorants with little or no real
ingredients.

On the other hand by sparing some time to make condiments like schezwan sauce,
chili garlic sauce or mango chili sauce, we can recreate noodles, manchurian
or fried rice or momos at home with so much ease,real ingredients and more
flavor!

I always have some condiments like schezwan sauce, green chutney, sweet
chutney and pizza sauce at ready. Chaat, chinese and pizza cravings are real,
don't you think so ðŸ™‚

Now let's quickly get on to the making of easy schezwan noodles recipe at
home, super simple and you are going to love it ðŸ™‚

Table Of Contents

  1. What Is Schezwan Noodles
  2. Ingredients You Will Need
  3. How To Make Schezwan Noodles Recipe
  4. Expert Tips
  5. Frequently Asked Questions
  6. Recipe
  7. Schezwan Noodles (Vegan)

## What Is Schezwan Noodles

**Schezwan noodles recipe is a delicious** , spicy and flavorful noodles from
Chinese cuisine. In this recipe, cooked noodles and stir fry vegetables are
tossed in a very flavorful schezwan sauce.

It is one of the very popular noodles recipe in any Indo Chinese restaurants.
You will find loads of variations like schezwan veg noodles, egg schezwan
noodles, with meat or sea foods.

My recipe is for veg schezwan noodles where we toss boiled noodles and crispy
stir vegetables with a homemade spicy schezwan sauce. Loads of ginger garlic,
freshly cracked black pepper and crispy spring onion greens are the highlight
of this recipe.

I have used homemade sauce but you can easily use store-bought sauce too. If
you don't have neither of them, then I have shared a quick method to instant
schezwan sauce which you can use.

This is such delicious bowl of noodles with absolute flavor blast for such a
simple recipe. Looks so gourmet and fancy and all within 20 minutes!

If you have never tried making schezwan noodles at home, you should really
make some. Here is the easiest and best ever recipe for you.

**This Schezwan Noodles Recipe Is**

_Easy, quick and simple_

_Ready in 20 minutes_

_vegan recipe_

_Simply the best in taste and flavor_

_Real ingredients, better than takeaways_

_loaded with veggies_

## Ingredients You Will Need

### **Schezwan Sauce:**

To begin with this recipe you will need shezwan sauce. You can make your own
sauce or use bottled ones. If you are trying to avoid store bought sauce and
no time to make elaborate sauce, try my instant schezwan sauce mentioned in
the detailed recipe.

### **Noodles**

You can use any type noodles except ramen in this recipe. I have tried this
with ramen once and it was a total flop.

Here I have use millet noodles. This is a vegan schezwan noodles recipe, but
you can easily use egg noodles if you want. To make this recipe gluten free,
just use gluten free noodles like rice noodles.

### **Vegetables**

your typical set of veggies used for fried rice like carrots, green beans,
cabbage, bell pepper and scallions. You can add bokchoy, baby corn, brussel
sprouts, chinese cabbage, mushrooms, baby corns in this recipe. For some
protein you can add cubed tofu.

Always chop the vegetables thin and of same size for all Indo Chinese recipes.
As we are cooking for brief time in high heat, it is important to chop
vegetables in same size.

### other ingredients

you will need freshly minced ginger, finely chopped garlic, freshly pound
pepper, a splash of soy sauce and vinegar. Here I have added loads of toasted
sesame seeds for lovely crunch. You can also used crushed peanuts or both.

## How To Make Schezwan Noodles Recipe

### **Instant Schezwan Sauce**

If you do not have the sauce for making this noodles, follow this method. If
you have prepared the sauce earlier, skip this step and proceed with cooking
noodles.

Soak 5 green chilies in warm water for 15 minutes. Drain and grind the red
chilies with 1/4 cup tomato sauce, 3 garlic cloves, 2 teaspoons soy sauce and
1 tablespoon vinegar to a smooth paste. Use this spicy sauce in place of
schezwan sauce

### **Cooking Noodles**

Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. Add 1 teaspoon oil and pinch of
salt.

Add noodles and mix well.

Cook in medium flame for the time mentioned in the package. It is usually 8-12
minutes. Millet noodles usually take more time to cook. While cooking, gently
stir the noodles to avoid sticking.

**Tip** * Always cook noodles a minute less than instructed in package as we
are again going to saute the noodles with veggies.

Once done, drain thoroughly and rinse very well in cold water. Set aside.

Tip * Try to cook the noodles sometime may be 30 minutes before making
schezwan noodles recipe and cool it before adding to the veggies.

### **Stir Frying Vegetables**

Heat 3 tablespoons sesame oil in a wok or heavy pan or frying pan. Add minced
garlic coves and chili flakes. Saute for few seconds.

Add chopped onions and saute for half a minute.

Add all the veggies and saute in high flame for 3-4 minutes.

Next add schezwan sauce and mix. Saute for another 2 minutes in high flame.

Add soy sauce, vinegar, salt to taste and freshly pounded black pepper. Mix
well and saute for a minute to incorporate all flavors well to the veggies.

### Making Schezwan Noodles

Toss noodles and mix well.

Finally add chopped spring onions scallions and toasted sesame seeds. You can
also drizzle some lemon juice or vinegar and freshly ground black pepper on
hot noodles.

Mix well and serve szechuan noodles immediately with any manchurian, chili
vinegar or sauteed veggies.

## Expert Tips

### **Boiling Noodles**

For indo chinese recipes like noodles or fried rice, we need to cook veggies
in such way they are cooked yet crunchy. This can be achieved by cooking the
veggies briefly in high flame.

Keep the chopped veggies ready and add swiftly one after the other while
cooking. Adding a pinch of sugar will hep you to retain the color of the
veggies.

### **Avoid Noodles Turning Pasty Or Sticky**

For any noodles recipe, the noodles has to be cooked perfectly to get the best
taste. To cook noodles for any recipe always add noodles only after the water
comes to a good rolling boil.

Next add 1 teaspoon oil to the boiling water along with a pinch of salt and
mix well. Add noodles and cook a minute less than as instructed in the packet.

Once done, drain and rinse the noodles in cold water immediately and very
well. These steps will prevent noodles from turning sticky.

### **Stir Fry Vegetables Perfectly**

For Indo Chinese recipes like noodles or fried rice, we need to cook veggies
in such way they are cooked yet crunchy. This can be achieved by cooking the
veggies briefly in high flame.

Keep the chopped veggies ready and add swiftly one after the other while
cooking. Adding a pinch of sugar will hep you to retain the color of the stir
fried veggies.

### Use The Right Pan or Wok

Chinese recipes taste best when made in the specific pan designed for them
called Chinese wok. It is super heavy broad yet deep pan made of cast iron or
carbon steel. It is super sturdy, withstands very high heat and lends a
wonderful smoky flavor to the cooked food.

If a carbon steel wok is unavailable you can use any heavy cast iron or steel
pan. Checkout my following notes on getting smoking flavors in noodles. I do
not recommend a non stick pan for Chinese recipes.

### **Smoky Flavors**

The deep smoky flavor is signature to Indo Chinese recipes. To get that flavor
you will have to first

  * cook these recipes in real high flame
  * sturdy wok or cast iron pan is highly recommended,
  * Once you have sauteed the veggies well in really high flame, splash around 3 tablespoons water in the pan and immedietly close the lid for a minute or two, the steam created will impart a very smoky flavor to the veggies. Now add the cooked noodles and toss. This method will surely give a nice smoky favor to noodles, fried rice etc. This is what I do while making postickers.

### **Adding Protein**

To make schezwan noodles more healthier, wholesome and filling you can throw
in 3/4 cup chopped mushrooms, pressed and cubed tofu or paneer or even mung
sprouts. Toss along with vegetables and stir fry in high heat.

### Schezwan Sauce

I have used homemade schezwan sauce in this recipe but you can easily use
store bought schezwan sauce or paste. I have also shared a super quick
schezwan sauce recipe in the post which you can follow too.

### **Make It Spicier**

The recipe I have shared here makes a moderately spicy schezwan noodles. Some
of us like it extra spicy though. I prefer super spicy noodles, so sometimes I
add some chili oil while cooking the noodles along with sesame oil. You can
also add some red chili paste or chili sauce.

## Frequently Asked Questions

****which oil is best for this recipe?****

I prefer to use sesame oil for Indo Chinese recipes. To make schezwan noodles
as well I have used the same. You can also use toasted sesame for more flavor.

****What is the difference between schezwan noodles and hakka noodles****

Both these noodles are delicious and popular dishes from Indo Chinese cuisine.
Schezwan noodles are prepared with homemade or store bought schezwan sauce and
hakka noodles is usually made with soy sauce, hot sauce etc.

****Can I add soya sauce in this recipe?****

Yes, in fact I always add a wee bit of naturally brewed soy sauce in this
noodles for that umami flavor.

****Is this recipe vegan?****

Yes, this vegetable schezwan noodles is vegan as it is.

_I hope you will try this recipe and enjoy as much as we did. Do snap a pic
and share on Instagram with hashtag  _ _#cookclickndevou_ _  and please give a
star rating â˜… in the recipe card below. Follow us on _ _Pinterest_ _  , _
_Instagram_ _,  _ _Facebook  _ _  for more recipes and ideas._

## Recipe

## Schezwan Noodles (Vegan)

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Harini

Schezwan noodles is a delicious, flavorful and vibrant noodles that you will
love for a weeknight comfort dinner. This noodles comes together in 20 minutes
flat and tastes incredible. You just need handful of simple ingredients and
some veggies to make this. Here s how you can make this yummy noodles easily,
you are gonna love this ðŸ™‚

5 from 3 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 2 hrs 15 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 2 hrs 30 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine continental, indian street food,, Indo chinese

Servings 3

Calories 379 kcal

#### 1 CUP = 250 ml

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

#### For cooking noodes

  * â–¢ 250 grams noodles use any variety
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon oil
  * â–¢ salt a pinch
  * â–¢ water as needed

#### For making schezwan noodles

  * â–¢ 3 tablespoons oil
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon chili flakes
  * â–¢ 4 garlic cloves peeled and minced
  * â–¢ 1/2 cup chopped onions
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons thinly sliced mixed veggies carrot, cabbage, beans, pepper
  * â–¢ 1/4 cup schezwan sauce
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon freshly pounded black pepper
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoons soy sauce
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoons vinegar
  * â–¢ salt to taste
  * â–¢ 1/2 cup scallion greens, thinly sliced.

### Instructions



####  **Cooking Noodles**

  * Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. Add 1 teaspoon oil and pinch of salt. Add noodles and mix well.

  * Cook in medium flame for the time mentioned in the package. It is usually 8-12 minutes. Millet noodles usually take more time to cook.

  * Once done, drain thoroughly and rinse very well in cold water. Set aside.

#### **Making Schezwan Noodles**

  * Heat 3 tablespoons sesame oil in a wok or heavy pan. Add minced garlic coves and chili flakes. Saute for few seconds.

  * Add chopped onions and saute for half a minute.

  * Add thinly sliced minced veggies and saute in high flame for 3-4 minutes.

  * Next add your schezwan sauce and mix. Saute for another 2 minutes in high flame.

  * Add soy sauce, vinegar, salt and freshly pounded black pepper.

  * Mix well and saute for a minute to incorporate all flavors well to the veggies.

  * Add cooked noodles and mix well. Finally add chopped scallions and toasted sesame seeds.

  * Mix well and serve schezwan noodles immedietly with any manchurian, chili vinegar or sauteed veggies.

### Notes

  * Always cook noodles a minute less than instructed in package as we are again going to saute the noodles with veggies.
  * Try to cook the noodles sometime may be 30 minutes before making schezwan noodles recipe and cool it before adding to the veggies.
  * The recipe can be doubled or halved.

### Nutrition

Serving: 3gCalories: 379kcal

Tried this recipe? Snap a pic and share ðŸ™‚Mention cookclickndevou or tag
cookclickndevour

465 shares

  * Share
  * Pin463
  * Yummly
  * Flipboard
  * Twitter

Shared by Harini

#### About Harini

I am Harini. The recipe developer, food photographer and chef behind cook
click n devour. My aim behind this blog is to provide easy, tried and tested
recipes that beginners can cook with confidence. I took keen interest in
cooking and took courses on cooking, baking during teens purely out of
passion. With a decade of cooking experience I am glad to share my recipes and
culinary knowledge with you all here. Stay tuned and happy cooking!  
Harini :)

### Comments

  1. Bhanu says

July 15, 2020 at 6:16 am

  
I made this for a play date and it just vanished in seconds ..instant hit
thanks for sharing

  2. Deepa says

July 15, 2020 at 6:17 am

  
Lovely recipe looks amazing

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### Hello, I am Harini

The chef, author and photograper of cook click n devour. Here you'll find
tried & tested vegetarian recipes with step by step photos and videos to make
cooking a pleasure and fulfilling experience. Happy cooking!

Read More

#### Popular Recipes

#### As Seen In

AboutContactPrivacy

Copyright Â©2022, Cook Click N Devour!!!. All Rights Reserved.

