https://www.spiceupthecurry.com/schezwan-noodles-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Spice Up The Curry

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * By Category
    * By Ingredients
    * Festivals
    * Collections
  * Subscribe
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

√ó

Home ¬ª Cuisine ¬ª Indo-Chinese

# Schezwan Noodles

Published: Feb 23, 2021 ¬∑ Last Modified: Feb 23, 2021 by Kanan Patel / 6
Comments

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

This veg schezwan noodles recipe is just like what you get at your favorite
Indian-Chinese restaurant but it‚Äôs made at home in **_under 30 minutes!_**
It‚Äôs made with tender noodles, fresh sauteed veggies and spicy schezwan sauce.
A crave-worthy dinner!

Jump to:

  * ‚ù§Ô∏èAbout This Recipe
  * üßæIngredient Notes
  * üé•Watch The Recipe Video
  * üë©‚Äçüç≥Step By Step Photo Instructions 
  * üí≠Expert Tips
  * üìã Recipe Card
  * ‚≠ê Reviews

## **‚ù§Ô∏è** About This Recipe

  * Delicious **vegetarian/vegan meal** (lunch or dinner).
  *  **Super spicy** and flavored with sesame oil and garlic with crunchy veggies & soft-tender noodles.
  *  **Healthier and hygienic option** compared to restaurant take-out.
  *  **Ready in 30 minutes** , makes a great weeknight dinner.
  *  **Leftovers** make handy next-day lunch.
  *  **Customize the veggies** as per your liking.
  *  **Add vegetarian protein** like tofu, paneer, soy curls, etc.

## üßæIngredient Notes

**Noodles:** I have used wide lo mein noodles. You can use round hakka noodles
(just like restaurant/street vendors use). Or you can opt for soba, udon, rice
noodles, ramen or simply use spaghetti.

**Schezwan sauce:** I have used homemade schezwan sauce. But sure you can use
store-bought bottled schezwan sauce.

**Sesame oil:** It really adds a nice flavor to the fried rice that you get in
the restaurants or street-style fried rice. I would not recommend skipping it.
But in any case, sesame oil is not available then you can use any other
cooking oil.

**Veggies:** I have used a combination of carrot, beans, peppers and cabbage.
You can add other veggies like peas, corn, baby corn, mushrooms, broccoli,
snow peas or snap peas.

## **üé•** Watch The Recipe Video

## **üë©‚Äçüç≥Step By Step Photo Instructions**  

**Cook Noodles:**

1) Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. Then add salt and noodles.
Cook as per the package instructions.

2) Do stir with a fork once or twice while boiling to keep the noodles
separate.

3) Once it‚Äôs done, drain and quickly run it under cold water to stop the
cooking process. Add a teaspoon of sesame oil and toss the noodles to coat the
oil evenly.

**_Time-Saving Tip:_** While noodles are cooking, prep the veggies, so both
tasks are done side-by-side. Once both are ready, you just have to stir-fry.

**Make Schezwan Noodles:**

4) Heat the oil in a pan on medium-high heat. Once hot add onion, ginger and
garlic.

5) Saute for a minute or two or until the raw smell of ginger-garlic goes away
and onion starts to soften.

6) Then add all the veggies (carrot, beans, peppers, cabbage).

7) Stir fry for about 4-5 minutes or until they are crisp-tender (meaning
veggies have softened slightly yet it has some crunch and freshness. But not
mushy or completely cooked.)

8) Now add all the sauces (schezwan sauce, soy sauce, vinegar, ketchup) and
salt.

9) Mix really well.

10) Add cooked noodles. Toss noodles and veggies together for a couple of
minutes until everything is mixed properly.

11) Lastly, garnish with chopped spring onions (green part) and serve hot.  

## **üí≠** Expert Tips

**Add salt after the water starts boiling**. If you have salted the water
beforehand then it takes longer to come to a boil. So always salt the water
once it is boiling.

**Do not over boil the noodles.** Read the package instructions and cook
according to that time. Over boiling the noodles means sticky, mushy noodles.
For more tips and details check how to boil noodles.

It is **best to use carbon steel wok or cast iron pan** for stir fry dishes
like this schezwan noodles or fried rice.

**Cook on medium-high heat** to get the smokey taste just like the street or
restaurant-style. And keep stirring/tossing frequently to avoid burning. This
ensures that veggies stay crunchy, fresh with some browning charred around the
edges.

**Prep and keep everything ready.** As you see, we are cooking on high heat,
so everything will get cook faster and the entire process is super fast. So
make sure you have prepped all the sauces, veggies ready and then start
cooking.

**The amount of schezwan sauce** used here may vary. Every brand sauce or
homemade one may have a different spice level depending on what kind of
chilies are used. So it is a smart move to taste a tiny bit of sauce, judge
the spice level and adjust the amount you‚Äôre going to add here in the schezwan
noodles.

**Check Out OtherIndo-Chinese Noodles**

  * Chilli garlic noodles
  * Veg chow mein
  * Hakka noodles
  * Instant pot veg noodles
  * Veg american chopsuey

_PS Tried this recipe? Please leave a star rating in the recipe card below
and/or a review in the comment section. I always appreciate your feedback!
Plus, Subscribe to mynewsletter and follow along on Pinterest, Instagram, and
Facebook for all the latest updates._

## üìã Recipe Card

Step by Step Photos AboveWant to make it perfect first time? Don't forget to
check out Step-by-Step photo instructions and helpful Tips & Tricks !!

Print Pin

## Schezwan Noodles

5 from 4 votes

Tried this recipe? Leave a comment and/or give ‚òÖ ratings

This veg schezwan noodles recipe is just like what you get at your favorite
Indian-Chinese restaurant but it‚Äôs made at home in under 30 minutes!

Author: Kanan

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Calories: 444kcal

Servings 3

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Total Time 30 minutes

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml) See details

### Ingredients  

1x2x3x

  * ‚ñ¢ 8 oz (227 grams)  Noodles
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoons + 1 teaspoon  Sesame oil
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω cup Onion sliced
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 teaspoons Ginger minced
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 teaspoon Garlic minced
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 to 1 ¬Ω cups Veggies julienned (I used carrot, cabbage, bell pepper and green beans). You can add mushrooms, baby corn, snap peas, etc.
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬º cup Schezwan sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 teaspoons Soy sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 teaspoon Rice vinegar
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tablespoon Tomato Ketchup
  * ‚ñ¢ Salt to taste
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoons Spring onion greens for garnishing

### Recommended Products

Cast Iron Pan

### Instructions

  *  **Cook Noodles:** Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. Then add salt and noodles. Cook as per the package instructions. Do stir with a fork once or twice while boiling to keep the noodles separate.

  * Once it‚Äôs done, drain and quickly run it under cold water to stop the cooking process. Add a teaspoon of sesame oil and toss the noodles to coat the oil evenly.

  *  **Make Schezwan Noodles:** Heat the oil in a pan on medium-high heat. Once hot add onion, ginger and garlic. Saute for a minute or two or until the raw smell of ginger-garlic goes away and onion starts to soften.

  * Then add all the veggies (carrot, beans, peppers, cabbage). Stir fry for about 4-5 minutes or until they are crisp-tender (meaning veggies have softened slightly yet it has some crunch and freshness. But not mushy or completely cooked.)

  * Now add all the sauces (schezwan sauce, soy sauce, vinegar, ketchup) and salt. Mix really well.

  * Add cooked noodles. Toss noodles and veggies together for a couple of minutes until everything is mixed properly.

  * Lastly, garnish with chopped spring onions (green part) and serve hot.

### Notes

  * **Add salt after the water starts boiling** otherwise it takes longer to come to a boil.
  * **Do not over boil the noodles** otherwise they‚Äôll be sticky & mushy. Please follow the package instructions.
  * it is **best to use carbon steel wok or cast iron pan** for stir fry dishes like this schezwan noodles or fried rice.
  * **Cook on medium-high heat** to get the smokey taste just like the street or restaurant-style. And keep stirring/tossing frequently to avoid burning.
  * **Prep and keep everything ready.** As you see, we are cooking on high heat, so everything will get cook faster and the entire process is super fast. So make sure you have prepped all the sauces, veggies ready and then start cooking.
  * **The amount of schezwan sauce** used here may vary. Every brand sauce or homemade one may have a different spice level depending on what kind of chilies are used. So it is a smart move to taste a tiny bit of sauce, judge the spice level and adjust the amount you‚Äôre going to add here in the schezwan noodles.

### Video

### Nutrition

Calories: 444kcal | Carbohydrates: 73g | Protein: 11g | Fat: 13g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Sodium: 576mg | Potassium: 301mg | Fiber: 6g | Sugar: 3g | Vitamin
A: 4804IU | Vitamin C: 14mg | Calcium: 40mg | Iron: 1mg

*Nutrition information is a rough estimate for 1 serving

Did you make this recipe?Snap a pic, mention @spice.up.the.curry or tag
#spiceupthecurry. I would love to see.

¬´ Instant Pot Quinoa Vegetable Soup

Kadai Masala ¬ª

655 shares

  * Facebook90
  * Pinterest565
  * WhatsApp

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Nirav

February 23, 2015 at 9:49 am

Hi Kanan,

You're more than welcome and I am sure my wife wouldn't disappoint you once
you taste her food. Well, Most of the chopping part I do it. I love coking &
eating so I wouldn't mind doing it.

take care

Reply

    * Kanan

February 23, 2015 at 3:54 pm

Thank you very much Nirav.

Reply

  2. Nirav

February 20, 2015 at 10:51 am

Hi Kanan,

Very nice even my wife makes very good indo Chinese her Manchurian comes out
really good.

thanks for sharing,

Reply

    * Kanan

February 20, 2015 at 4:27 pm

that's great. I should come at your place. üôÇ I do enjoy making and eating
indo-chinese. But the prep work (chopping many veggies) is little tedious for
me, that's why I was keep postponing to make and share these recipes. But not
any more. I have made quite a few recipes.

Reply

  3. Anjana

February 19, 2015 at 6:04 pm

Hey Kanan great recipe. Wanted to let you know that I tried your schezwan
fried rice and it was fabulous!! My husband and daughter loved it

Reply

    * Kanan

February 19, 2015 at 7:59 pm

Thanks Anjana. Nice to hear that you all enjoyed fried rice.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kanan Patel**. I share easy, delicious vegetarian recipes (mostly
Indian) and Eggless baking recipes that you can sure count on!

More about me ‚Üí

### Indian Spice Box

### Top Recipes

  * Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies

  * World‚Äôs BEST Eggless Brownies

  * Punjabi Shahi Paneer (Restaurant Style)

  * Chipotle Sauce

  * Eggless Banana Muffins Recipe

  * Frankie Recipe (Bombay Veg Frankie Roll)

## Footer

‚Üë back to top

### About

  * About Kanan
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Nutrition Disclaimer

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates. Plus get a bonus cooking tips!

### Resources

  * Conversion Chart
  * Glossary
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact

### As Featured In

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright ¬© 2022 Spice Up The Curry

