https://www.daringgourmet.com/sweet-chili-sauce/


The Daring Gourmet

Grappling Each Dish By The Horns

Sign up for our newsletter!

Email*

Everything

No SPAM. Ever.Check out our privacy policy

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Home & Garden
  * Travel
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * Shop

Home » Disclosure » **BEST Sweet Chili Sauce**

# BEST Sweet Chili Sauce

July 17, 2019 by Kimberly Killebrew · 142 Comments

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. See my disclosure
policy.

17811 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

This homemade sweet chili sauce recipe is guaranteed to become a favorite
staple in your home! It's versatile, is quick and easy to make, is free of
additives, and tastes WAY better than the store-bought stuff!

## **Homemade Sweet Chili Sauce Recipe**

As with most everything, nothing beats homemade and Sweet Chili Sauce is no
exception. Not only is it super quick and easy to make, it's cheaper, doesn't
have any additives or preservatives, you know exactly where the ingredients
come from, AND it tastes better than the bottled stuff. That's a win-win! This
homemade sweet chili sauce recipe is sure to become your go-to whenever you're
craving this deliciously versatile sauce!

## WHAT IS SWEET CHILI SAUCE?

Sometimes also referred to as Thai Sweet Chili Sauce or Asian Sweet Chili
Sauce, it's a simultaneously sweet, savory, tangy and spicy sauce
incorporating red chilies, garlic, ginger, sugar and vinegar.

You can find bottled sweet chili sauce in most grocery stores but if you're
like me once you open the bottle it ends up sitting in the fridge forever and
forgotten about until it's time to toss it. One of the several advantages of
making you're own (besides no junk ingredients, fresher, tastier) is that you
can regulate how much you make. This recipe makes about 1 cup which is usually
enough for whatever you have in mind and if you need more you can simply
double it. As quick and easy as it is to make there's simply NO excuse to buy
it!

One of the ingredients used in sweet chili sauce is pickled red chili. I've
found that between using a chili paste like **sambal oelek** and adding some
vinegar that same flavor is fully replicated. Most grocery stores carry sambal
oelek but if you cannot find it you can use **dried red chili flakes**. Chili
flakes are considerably spicier than sambal oelek so be sure to cut back on
them unless you like it _really_ hot.

## **CAN YOU SAY "UMAMI"?**

Sweet chili sauce often has all the "high notes" of sugar and white vinegar
without the "low notes" of umami for balance. While this sauce does have
garlic (a umami ingredient), we're also going to add a splash of **tamari**
(or soy sauce), which is a fermented product simply oozing umami. It adds
depth and makes the overall flavor more interesting. If you're gluten-free be
sure to use tamari.

## **HOW DO I GET MY SAUCE TO LOOK RED LIKE THE BOTTLED STUFF?**

If you're using a chili sauce like sambal oelek that will give your sauce a
nice red color. Without it your sauce will not be as red. Is there another way
to give it that aesthetically attractive red color? Yes, if you want a little
red color boost you can use food coloring but if you're going to I strongly
recommend using _natural_ red coloring (usually made from beet or paprika
extract). You can **find natural food coloring here.**

## **CAN I USE A SUGAR SUBSTITUTE FOR MAKING SWEET CHILI SAUCE?**

Yes, you can use honey, agave syrup or brown rice syrup if you prefer. Since
these are liquids you will need to add a little extra cornstarch to thicken
it. Honey in particular is also sweeter than sugar so I recommend using a
little less and adding some water in its place to dilute the sweetness.

For a diabetic alternative you can use a powdered/granular sweetener of your
choice, such as **erythritol**.

## **HOW DO I USE SWEET CHILI SAUCE?**

Here are a few things you can enjoy with your homemade sweet chili sauce,
either as a dip, marinade or added to it:

  * Wontons
  * Steamed dumplings and potstickers
  * Spring rolls
  * Egg rolls
  * Chicken Wings
  * Grilled, baked or fried chicken or salmon
  * Grilled or battered shrimp
  * Vegetables
  * Chicken nuggets
  * Meatballs
  * Fried calamari
  * Fried or baked tofu nuggets
  * Chicken/meat/seafood kabobs
  * Mozzarella sticks
  * Stir fries
  * Fried rice
  * Mixed with cream cheese and served with crackers
  * …and more!

This sauce is as versatile as your imagination allows!

## **WHAT ARE SOME OTHER "MUST TRY" ASIAN SAUCES?**

These are some of our most popular Asian condiment recipes - you'll LOVE them!

  * **Homemade Teriyaki Sauce**
  * **Homemade Black Bean Sauce**
  * **Homemade Hoisin Sauce**
  * **Homemade Chinese Plum Sauce (Duck Sauce)**
  * **Homemade Kecap Manis**



**HOW DO I STORE SWEET CHILI SAUCE?**

You can store the sauce in the fridge for about a week or in the freezer for
two to three months. The sauce will congeal if you freeze it. But if you
gently heat it up (on the stovetop or in the microwave) and stir it, its
texture will return to normal.

Let's get started!

Place all of the ingredients except for the cornstarch mixture in a small
saucepan and bring it to a boil, stirring regularly. Once the sugar is
dissolved stir in the cornstarch mixture, stirring continually.

Continue stirring for about a minute until the sauce is thickened.

Let the sauce cool completely, pour into an airtight jar.

Store in an airtight jar in the fridge where it will keep for up to a week.

Enjoy!



## **PIN ME!**

### Be sure to try these other homemade sauces!

  * **SWEET & SOUR SAUCE**
  * **TERIYAKI SAUCE**
  * **YUM YUM SAUCE**
  * **PLUM SAUCE** ****
  * **HOISIN SAUCE**
  * **BLACK BEAN SAUCE**
  * **KECAP MANIS**
  * **SWEET CHILI SAUCE**
  * **BIG MAC SAUCE**



## BEST Sweet Chili Sauce

Kimberly Killebrew

This homemade sweet chili sauce is guaranteed to become a favorite staple in
your home! It's versatile, is quick and easy to make, is free of additives,
and tastes WAY better than the store-bought stuff!

Print Recipe

4.99 from 80 votes

Prep Time 5 mins

Cook Time 5 mins

Total Time 10 mins

Course condiment

Cuisine Asian, Chinese, Thai

Servings 8 servings (2 tablespoons per serving)

Calories 38 kcal

### Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric



1x2x3x

  * 1/3 cup rice vinegar
  * 1/3 cup water
  * 1/3 cup \+ 2 tablespoons cane sugar
  * diabetic alternative: use granular sweetener of choice (e.g. erythritol) 
  * 1 tablespoon rice wine (can substitute dry sherry)
  * 1 tablespoon sambal oelek (use more or less according to taste)
  * OR 1-2 teaspoons dried red chili flakes (these are very hot, start with less and add more if desired)
  * 1 1/2 teaspoons finely minced garlic
  * 1 teaspoon finely minced ginger
  * 1 teaspoon tamari or soy sauce (use tamari for gluten free)
  * 2 teaspoons cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon water (the sauce will thicken more once cooled)
  * 1-2 drops natural red food coloring  (optional)

### Instructions



  * Place all of the ingredients except for the cornstarch mixture in a small saucepan and bring it to a boil, stirring regularly. Once the sugar is dissolved stir in the cornstarch mixture, stirring continually until thickened, about 1 minute. Let the sauce cool completely, pour into an airtight jar and store in the refrigerator. Will keep for up to a week. Makes about 1 cup.

### Nutrition

Serving: 2tablespoons | Calories: 38kcal | Carbohydrates: 10g | Protein: 1g |
Fat: 1g | Saturated Fat: 1g | Sodium: 43mg | Potassium: 7mg | Sugar: 9g |
Vitamin C: 1mg

Keyword Sweet Chili Sauce

Tried this recipe? Mention @daringgourmet or hashtag #daringgourmet

17811 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Email

142 Comments →

« Homemade German Bratwurst

Black Currant Jam »

### 142 Responses

  1. Tawana says

June 16, 2022 at 7:01 pm

Thank you so much for sharing!! The balance of sweet and spicy perfect! The
texture Perfect not to thick or thin! The best sweet chili sauce I’ve ever
had!

Reply

    * Kimberly Killebrew says

June 16, 2022 at 7:35 pm

Fantastic, Tawana, thank you so much!

Reply

« Older Comments

### Add your Response Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

<img src="http://www.daringgourmet.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/logo-
final-01.png" class="sub-logo">

#### Sign up for our newsletter!

Receive the latest from The Daring Gourmet!

Email*

Everything

No SPAM. Ever.Check out our privacy policy

  * About
  * Request
  * Contact
  * Privacy

Copyright (C) 2022 · The Daring Gourmet · All Rights Reserved

__

__

  * __

  * ______________

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Home & Garden
  * Travel
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * Shop

