https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/87872/sweet-chili-thai-sauce/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Side Dish
  4. Sauces and Condiments
  5. Sauces
  6. Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

# Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.4

181 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 106 
  * 4 star values: 58 
  * 3 star values: 10 
  * 2 star values: 4 
  * 1 star values: 3 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 181 Ratings 
  * 146 Reviews 
  * 19 Photos 

This sweet chili sauce makes a great savory dip for shrimp or spring rolls. It
also works well in stir-fries and noodle dishes, or on a whole-wheat pizza
crust with feta, sun-dried tomatoes, chicken, and vegetables.

Recipe by Tania Hobson

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Add Photo

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce 8barsnthetruth

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce Cinamon Blair

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce Iaconic

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce Cindy Chapman Skildum

\+ 15 15 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

20 mins

Servings:

24

Yield:

3 cups

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

24

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 24 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 cup water 
  * 1 cup rice vinegar 
  * 1 cup sugar 
  * 2 teaspoons fresh ginger root, minced 
  * 2 teaspoons hot chile pepper, minced 
  * 2 teaspoons ketchup 
  * 1 teaspoon garlic, minced 
  * 2 teaspoons cornstarch 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Pour water and vinegar into a saucepan; bring to a boil over high heat. Stir
in sugar, ginger, chile pepper, ketchup, and garlic; simmer for 5 minutes.
Whisk in cornstarch.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Remove saucepan from stove to cool. Transfer to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate
until needed.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

34 calories; carbohydrates 8.7g; sodium 5mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (146)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Tanya

Rating: 5 stars

04/30/2006

This sauce is excellent. We are going to use a bit less sugar next time. Also,
we added more cornstarch as it didn't thicken to our liking (we actually
doubled the amount!). Thanks for this one!

Read More

Helpful (125)

### Most helpful critical review

Caroline C

Rating: 2 stars

04/03/2007

Whatever you do, follow the other reviewers' advice and cut the sugar WAY
back. I didn't, and ended up throwing it away because it was virtually
inedible. The second time, I just added Splenda til it was as sweet as I
wanted. I also find that mixing cornstarch with a little water helps to
eliminate any lumps.

Read More

Helpful (36)

181 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 106 
  * 4 star values: 58 
  * 3 star values: 10 
  * 2 star values: 4 
  * 1 star values: 3 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Tanya

Rating: 5 stars

04/30/2006

This sauce is excellent. We are going to use a bit less sugar next time. Also,
we added more cornstarch as it didn't thicken to our liking (we actually
doubled the amount!). Thanks for this one!

Shaunda

Rating: 4 stars

12/31/2009

4 Stars because of minor adjustments needed, here's how I made it 5 STAR:
1-Cut the sugar down (almost in half) 2-Double the Cornstarch (mix it with a
little cold water before adding to avoid clumping) 3-I used hot chili oil
instead of a fresh pepper, 4-I was out of fresh ginger, used ginger powder
instead. Enjoying this dip paired with veggie spring rolls even as I type the
review; very delicious! Thanks!

LITTLECHILE

Rating: 4 stars

07/21/2006

I really like this recipe except I agree the sugar is just WAY too much. I cut
it in half and that was enough for my taste! Also, be careful of how you add
the cornstarch to avoid lumps! Taste of dip is great...oh..add more cornstarch
if you want a dip not a sauce.

Caroline C

Rating: 2 stars

04/03/2007

Whatever you do, follow the other reviewers' advice and cut the sugar WAY
back. I didn't, and ended up throwing it away because it was virtually
inedible. The second time, I just added Splenda til it was as sweet as I
wanted. I also find that mixing cornstarch with a little water helps to
eliminate any lumps.

France

Rating: 5 stars

11/21/2005

Dipping sauce more than "pouring" sauce but can be thickened with more
cornstarch. Nice to not have all those additives in there too, compared to the
store bought ones. If your chile peppers are very hot, the sauce will be too.
Mine is just bit too hot for me, but great for DH, I used three small very hot
peppers - two of them without the seeds - and one larger, milder one, with the
seeds.

missdrea

Rating: 4 stars

09/16/2008

i scaled this down to 6 also but wish i would have scaled it down to 12
instead and frozen some of it. i took the suggestions of the reviewers and
halved the sugar and doubled the cornstarch. served it w/ homemade deep fried
wontons. i think w/ all of the sugar it would be a great homemade sweet and
sour sauce for eggrolls. thanks for such an easy recipe w/ ingredients i
already had on hand.

bamhall

Rating: 5 stars

02/21/2007

We live in a small town & I ran out of the bottled chili sauce we use on our
egg rolls, so I found this and made it. It was super EASY and perfect...better
than the bottled!! Will make again and again

JacquiB

Rating: 5 stars

04/15/2010

I love the flavour of this recipe. Because I don't eat refined sugar, I
substituted honey for the sugar and used sugar free ketchup. I also used 1
tsp. ginger powder as I didn't have fresh on hand. To thicken it, I mixed 3
Tbsp. water with 2 Tbsp. cornstarch and added to the mixture after it came to
a boil. For thicker sauce, just keep adding that mixture until you like the
consistency. Hope this helps!

SHLINDZ

Rating: 4 stars

04/19/2011

This sauce is great! I didn't have fresh ginger or garlic cloves on hand so I
used sushi ginger and pre-minced garlic. I didn't have chili peppers either so
I used chili powder and red pepper flakes. I halved the sugar and doubled the
cornstarch like others suggested. The sauce tastes great with my Curry chicken
thighs and coconut rice. YUM!

Kathryn Eckblad Hoglund

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2008

BEST SAUCE EVER!

WannaBeChef

Rating: 4 stars

03/06/2008

I started out with half the water and the 1 cup of vinegar. I used powdered
garlic and ginger. I used about a teaspoon of each. I added a 1/4 teaspoon of
red pepper flakes. I also added an extra teaspoon of ketchup. I started out
with a 1/4 of a cup of sugar, taking others advice to cut back on it. From
there I added another 1/4 up and another, I still didn't find it sweet enough,
I added more by the teaspoon after that, and tasting after each addition, just
as I did with the 1/4 cups. After I got the taste, I used the other 1/2 cup of
water and added 2 heaping tablespoons of cornstartch. I tasted the sauce one
last time, then stuck it in the fridge.

cynjne

Rating: 2 stars

01/02/2012

Do not add cornstarch directly into any hot liquid. It will quickly turn into
a gooey lumpy mess. Add enough water and stir to dissolve the required amount
of cornstarch. Whisk while it's being added and there shouldn't be any lumps.
I made a few Chinese dishes for New Year's dinner and made some different
sauces for variety. I found the vinegar overpowering. The base flavour of this
sauce was good enough that I may have another go, adjusting the amount of
vinegar. Thank you for posting.

Ashli

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2007

I made this because it was mentioned in the thai chicken balls recipe and now
I can't imagine them without it! I like things really spicy so next time I'll
use extra peppers. Delicious over steamed brown rice with the meatballs and a
little red chili paste.

Chuck

Rating: 5 stars

11/23/2005

This sauce is delicious and I used in my recipe for sweet chili crispy chicken
and it was So GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It tastes like the sauce they use in
chinese restuarants for sweet spicy dishes, Just
Excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Chef Trint

Rating: 3 stars

08/17/2011

It's more like a sweet & sour with so much vinegar than a commercial style
Thai sweet chili sauce. If you're used to Mae Ploy or similar then this one
will be tangier. Not a bad thing, just different.

MrCrackers

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2010

Just made this. Followed the directions up till the thickening process. I used
Guar Gum to thicken it. Much easier than corn starch. A few shakes from my
shaker bottle, done. I used pepper flakes 1/2 tsp., all I had on hand. I made
a small batch 1/2 C for my wife with 1.5t minced mint. Just added the mint to
a small container and poured the Thai sauce over it then stirred. Thats good
too.

Clover

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2012

I used a couple chopped tomatoes (i blanched them to remove the skin first)
instead of ketchup. This is a good sauce! In the future, i think I would
reduce the amount of rice vinegar to 3/4cup and use 1/2 cup or less of honey
instead of sugar.

TunaFishTaco

Rating: 5 stars

02/13/2011

I'll never buy Thai chili sauce again, and I used to buy it often! This recipe
is really fast to make, is way cheaper, and is simple to tweak to fit your own
taste (I increased the ginger a little). You should definitely double the
cornstarch if you want the consistency of store bought. I tried halving the
sugar like others suggested, but found the vinegar was way too strong, and put
the rest of the sugar in to balance it out. If you want to decrease the sugar,
then decrease the vinegar by the same amount and make up the volume with more
water.

ROCKINJAZZGRL

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2006

Excellent sauce, easy to make and versatile. Dipped lemgrass chicken eggrolls
into it, and used it as a sauce for fried rice.

McDee

Rating: 5 stars

09/20/2011

Wonderful recipe! I can't begin to tell you how good this is. I served it as a
dipping sauce for coconut chicken and everyone raved about it. Only thing I
did different was cut the sugar in half (to 1/2 cup) and added about 1/2 cup
fresh honey. To die for!

Loafer Patent

Rating: 5 stars

05/12/2008

Awesome!! I had been so afraid to try something with chile peppers -- no more!
I cut it to 6 servings (there's only 2 of us here) used about 2 t *dried*
chile peppers (altho it could be way more), and put way more ginger and garlic
(maybe that's why it wasn't too sweet for me) and, yes, more cornstarch, and a
big squirt of corn syrup. mmmmm! Will definitely make again!

Kimberly

Rating: 4 stars

03/21/2011

Excellent with Sauteed Shrimp, Coconut Rice, Egg Rolls & Steamed Veggies for a
light dinner.

rcampuzano

Rating: 5 stars

03/24/2011

I just made this sauce and it was really easy and tasted just like the one
from my local Thai restaurants. I couldn't find hot chile peppers so I used
two teaspoons of chili-garlic sauce. It needs to be used up quickly, mine
started going bad about 3 days after I made it.

JAILORMOON

Rating: 5 stars

02/21/2010

Decrease the first three ingredients by half and keep the rest of the
measurements the same and this will turn out great. I use powdered ginger and
tapatio instead.

AllrecipesSux

Rating: 4 stars

05/11/2008

I thought this was pretty good with a bit of tweaking, but extremely sweet. I
cut the sugar in half and doubled the corn starch. Next time, I'll cut the
sugar more.

Gia

Rating: 5 stars

07/01/2009

This is the exact sauce that the Thai takeouts have!! I used siracha chili
sauce instead of the chilis, and it is amazing! We have some left and are
looking for something to dip in it.. lol

Polyxeni Poulis

Rating: 5 stars

04/09/2011

Excellent addition to my Jalapeno Popper Wontons! Didn't have chilies so I
used red pepper flakes. Also, I'm diabetic so no sugar, used Splenda to taste.
My picky husband even said they were really good! Score! ;)

brendaapr68

Rating: 4 stars

07/30/2015

I made this today. I read the reviews & indeed "IT SURE NEEDED ALTERING" I
doubled the recipe. All in all I would make this again. Tonight I am going to
use it as a main course rather than side dish / dipping sauce. I am using it
on chicken strips with snow pea pods & rice. Here are my measurements, hope
these help you ~ 2c. Water / 3/4c. Rice wine vinegar / 3/4c. Sugar / 4t.
Ginger, minced / 2t. Garlic, minced / 4t. Hot chili peppers, minced / 4t.
Ketchup / 2t. Cornstarch (already diluted in water before adding) followed
instructions for remainder. Happy cooking!!!

Zagorich

Rating: 5 stars

05/13/2012

Great Recipe! We cant buy Sweet Chilli Sauce here in our part of Europe and i
miss it immensely when eating Wedges! I used Apple Cidar Vinegar as we dont
get Rice Vinegar either. Halved the Sugar as others said. I also added some
more Ketchup, doubled the Cornflour and added some sweet Paprika powder. I
tasted it throughout and think that the Ginger is a little overpowering! Thats
why i added more Ketchup/Paprika. Great Substitute though! Thanks muchly!

Sandra C

Rating: 4 stars

04/28/2012

Very good. I just should have thickened it a bit more.

ElsaB

Rating: 3 stars

06/28/2007

My husband liked it. I did not care for it too much.

Zotonian

Rating: 4 stars

01/16/2008

A fun recipe. Very pungent when you start marking it, recommend a well
ventilated area! I followed the advice of previous posters and used about half
the sugar. Was delicious. Probably going to use a hotter pepper next time
though as it lacked the kick I preffer.

rebeccaaa

Rating: 5 stars

03/21/2009

This was amazing. I didn't have a hot chili to dice so I used tabasco in it's
place. This taste just like the Thai sauce that Presidents Choice bottles. We
had it with a Thai meal and the leftover was sitting on the table. Later,
roasted chicken potato chips were dipped in it. Also amazing.

desiB

Rating: 5 stars

05/01/2012

Absolutely fabulous!!! We really enjoyed it! Thank you

wrippeon

Rating: 4 stars

05/27/2011

This is a good recipe. I took the advice of other readers. I only did 1C
water, 1/2C rice vinegar & 1/4C sugar. I also added honey & some crushed red
pepper flakes. I didn't have the hot chile pepper so I used the chinese hot
peppers in a jar. It turned out great. I will make again. I also did 4t corn
starch & disolved in water and added after it was boiling. Turned out
wonderful!

Sophie

Rating: 4 stars

04/21/2014

Typically I make the adjustments on a recipe if the same comment appears often
but this time I was in a rush and I forgot to halve the sugar...and I'm glad I
didn't. I made this recipe exactly as written and I thought it was just right.
I did have to almost double the corn starch though. Would make again

SPARKLYSCOTTY

Rating: 5 stars

09/04/2007

I impressed family and freinds with this recipe, and everyone loves it. Just
like you get in the Chinese. It did take me a couple of practices to get it
just right though. Well worth it!

Jenadee

Rating: 3 stars

07/09/2012

I was trying to recreate a dipping sauce with the same name from the grocery
store. I wondered about the large quantity of rice vinegar in the recipe, but
still used that amount. I wish I hadn't. My husband said it was very potent,
and after reading the ingredients on the store bought brand, it didn't have
vinegar in it at all. Next time I will cut the vinegar to probably 1/4 cup and
see how that tastes. Also, I had to add about twice the amount of ketchup to
get it the right taste and color. I will have to use this as a base recipe and
play around with it to get it to our liking.

Shannon J.

Rating: 5 stars

04/30/2008

This was so good. As good as the "prepared" type at the grocer. I halved this
recipe and used prepared ginger and chili paste. It was excellent with the
turkey and shrimp egg rolls, fried pork won tons, and crab Rangoon.

mcol0314

Rating: 4 stars

04/25/2012

everyone really liked it, although i added the corn starch too early. so i
look forward to trying it the right way.

Nancy Illinois

Rating: 5 stars

07/26/2011

This is the best and easiest Thai sauce I have ever made.

Shaunda

Rating: 5 stars

11/10/2010

Great recipe!! Easy to make!! I didn't have rice vinegar and made it with
regular vinegar vand dried ginger really good!!!

arnandlor

Rating: 5 stars

04/09/2011

used 3/4 cup white vinegar, chili flakes,garlic, sugar and water and thickened
with tiny bit of flour and water and it turned out amazing.

Sarah

Rating: 4 stars

02/17/2009

Two teaspoons of red chilli pepper is too hot. Thank god for the 1 cup of
sugar to balance it out.

kevin miller

Rating: 5 stars

01/09/2015

The recipe was great to me! I had no problem with the sugar however, It was a
bit spicy for me. Next time I would reduce the amount of pepper. Also added
more cornstarch for a thicker sauce. Very easy recipe.

Jennifer Durdle

Rating: 4 stars

06/29/2009

This sauce is close to the sweet chili sauce that all the restaurants put on
their wings. I did do as others mentioned, and doubled the cornstarch (which I
mixed with a little cold water first to eliminate lumps). Next time I am going
to also reduce the sugar a bit.

Dan The Man

Rating: 5 stars

12/29/2010

GREAT. Goes good with Thai Chicken Balls (the recipe)

Sean

Rating: 4 stars

12/21/2008

Very good!

AhhriasTSP

Rating: 4 stars

06/28/2012

I gave this 4/5 stars because it is a good recipe for this sauce as it
provides key ingredients and a good procedure to follow. However, I did follow
other reviewers' comments; so, I cut the sugar down to 1/3 cup and added about
1.5 tsp more of corn starch to get it to a consistency I preferred.
Furthermore, I did not have any ginger, so I added about less than half a
spoonful of minced garlic (I'm a garlic lover) and about 1/2 a teaspoon of
lemon juice. It turned out to be quite delicious to me!

ickle_monkey

Rating: 5 stars

03/13/2007

Cut the sugar down like the other recommendation. Wonderful tasty sauce!

Eliza

Rating: 4 stars

04/25/2010

It is indeed, a very nice sauce that tastes very similar to the store bought
version (minus all of the preserving chemicals!). When I made it, it took 6
tsp of cornstarch to actually thicken it to the right consistency so keep that
in mind (and hence- 4 stars out of 5)

Emily P

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2010

This sauce is awesome! I made it for a party with small pieces of chicken and
two other sauces. Everyone raved it! I mixed the leftovers with stir fry
veggies and chicken, and it was so good! I did halve the sugar and double the
cornstarch. It was sweet but def. spicy! I didn't use peppers, but a tsp. of
chile (rooster) sauce.

Elizabeth Anderson Nix

Rating: 5 stars

11/07/2009

so easy and sooooo good.

misscenterway

Rating: 4 stars

03/13/2018

Perfect flavor and there's only one little glitch: when you add cornstarch to
hot liquid, it doesn't dissolve--it clumps. I fished all the blobs of white
that I could. Then I took about 1/4 cup of the hot deliciousness out and added
it to (the same amount originally called for) cornstarch and mixed until
smooth. I then added it back into the pan and heated it through again. After
cooling, it was perfect. The flavors are amazing! I was out of this sauce to
pour over some popcorn shrimp and this was better than bottled. I'm glad I
made it. Thanks for sharing such a quick and tasty recipe!

RockinRob

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2010

awesome! I made this to enjoy as a dipping sauce for some pork pot stickers I
had previously frozen- excellent taste, just right amount of everything. I
will go ahead & add a little more hot chili sauce next time for a little more
zip!

Abby

Rating: 4 stars

04/03/2008

YUM! I loved this sauce. I didn't cut back the sugar, but didn't mind how
sweet it is. I also didn't have the minced chili pepper and added powdered
chili pepper instead. Mine tasted more like a plum/sweet & sour sauce. Still
good!

FrackFamily5 CA—>CT

Rating: 4 stars

06/29/2008

Very good flavor! Was a little thin so I added more corn starch. Had great
spice (serrano pepper) and perfect sweetness (used recommended amount). LOVE
THIS SAUCE!

aliciab

Rating: 4 stars

10/25/2010

Very good. I made with 1/2 the sugar as suggested by others, and a little more
cornstarch. To keep the cornstarch from getting lumpy I mixed it in a small
bowl with a couple of tablespoons of the hot water/vinegar mixture.

Lorraine Stagg

Rating: 5 stars

10/31/2018

I have made this many, many times. The recipe is excellent. As with all
recipes, you can and will adjust ingredients as per your personal taste. I
personally use 1/2 cup sugar, add cornstarch to all ingredients and microwave
at half power for 10 minutes, stirring ever few minutes. The results are
better than bottled and a whole lot cheaper. Cheers and many thanks for a
keeper!

Kelly Hurd-Burnell

Rating: 4 stars

01/31/2011

So yummy! Taste just like the local thai places spring roll sauce! I loved the
sweetness.... With the heat nice! Thanks for sharing!

Robyn Cotter

Rating: 5 stars

05/15/2009

WOW! this is great! I served this with Vietnamese meatballs, and it made the
meal. I thought the sweet complimented the sauce perfectly. I used Red Rooster
chili pepper sauce (a staple in our house) and this recipe is going to be a
keeper! I think it will be great with egg rolls and spring rolls, too. Thanks!

Madeline Koch

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2019

I didn't have fresh garlic or ginger on hand so I ended up using powder and it
still turned out Amazing!!

Jennifer Carr

Rating: 4 stars

09/09/2018

Definitely use more cornstarch but other than that it was perfect !

Tallwood!3

Rating: 3 stars

01/15/2017

The heat is there, it looks exactly like say "thai kitchen" brand sweet red
chili. But as is I didn't care for it. When I make it again I guess I'd make
two changes to the taste. first being no ginger or cut it down by half. The
ginger I thought would be subtle but it wasn't , I tripled the corn starch for
a 12 serving (1ts to 1tb), I wanted a thick goopy kind of sauce. I personally
doubled the amount of hot pepper flakes using some sambal oelek (sriracha
without the garlic) and all). it wasn't the worst sauce i tried on here as a
few i had to flush but anyone reading through the comments looking for
something constructive keep what I said in mind. Maybe a bit more ketchup too
depending on which brand you go with could be good too.

EKENNEY

Rating: 4 stars

08/05/2020

This recipe is pretty good as is. But the directions do not mention that you
need to dissolve the cornstarch in an equal amount of water before adding to
the sauce. I didn’t do this and it clumped you on me. I’d make it again and
tailor it a bit more to my sweet/sour preference.

Edward Delfino

Rating: 5 stars

09/22/2017

Very easy to make & delicious! As good as or better than the bottled sauces
you buy at the supermarket at a fraction of the price. I use 1 tbs. of ketchup
& chili flakes instead of 2 tsp; also, ginger & garlic can be tweaked to your
specific taste.

Shelly P.

Rating: 4 stars

04/30/2016

I really liked this sauce. I used it as the sauce for a Thai pizza and it
turned out great. I will next time mix it with my chicken and use as a sauce.
I made it as written and added my veggies and chicken as desired. It was great
and I will totally make it again. Thanks for sharing it!

Waldo Rochow

Rating: 4 stars

01/30/2015

This recipe is good, but be sure to dissolve the cornstarch in a little cold
water before stirring it in... otherwise it will just clump instead of
thicken. I personally liked the amount of sugar. I used dried minced Chile
peppers... sure has a good bite. I'll bet this would be great with any fatty
protein (duck, pork, chicken?).

Gordy Silver

Rating: 5 stars

04/18/2020

I very seldom I follow the recipes. Just the Basics. Used the My own dried
peppers, apple cider vinegar, Clear Jell and went from there. HOT just the way
I like it Thanks

MUTTSY

Rating: 5 stars

10/21/2014

Definite keeper !

burgundy909

Rating: 5 stars

09/07/2012

No need for store bought thai sauce any longer! This is absolutely perfect

Sara

Rating: 4 stars

09/02/2015

I'd give this recipe 5 stars because the taste was perfect but the consistency
was too liquid. I'm gonna use more corn starch and less sugar next time, like
the other reviews suggested. I also read someone used Splenda, well, don't!
Despite the reputation, Splenda is worst than sugar for your health.

zeimetz1974

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2019

Very good recipe!

ShueJJ

Rating: 5 stars

07/10/2016

Halved the sugar like suggested by other reviewers and used with the Hawaiian
Style Sausage recipe. Worked great together. I halved the recipe as well.

Dining Diva

Rating: 5 stars

08/19/2020

So easy and delicious, I won't ever buy it again. I used Huy Fong Chili Paste.
YUM

Brittiany Hightower

Rating: 4 stars

09/09/2019

I wanted a quick and easy method and this one worked out well. I'm a chef and
tried it out at work. The staff loved it. I added some grated carrot for
texture, lemon juice to make it a bit fruity, and salt to bump up the flavor.
Overall, very easy and tasty.

SMR

Rating: 5 stars

04/24/2017

Made it with 1/2 the amount of sugar, 3 minced small Thai chili peppers and
double the amount of cornstarch. Very nice sauce with a bite to it - very
similar to those served in restaurants .

CCCooks

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2016

Substituted a few items with what I had on hand (white vinegar for rice
vinegar; powdered ginger in place of fresh, & a few dashes of cayenne pepper
in place of chili peppers) & I did cut sugar in half. Mmmmm Mmmmm GOOD!
Thanks!!

pam

Rating: 5 stars

01/31/2016

I would make it again. I would use less corn starch so it would be less
gelatinous.

Kelly McDonough

Rating: 5 stars

04/05/2020

Great sauce! I used to have a favorite Thai chili chicken bowl at a
restaurant, and I was able to make my own at home with this sauce. The only
substitute I made was 1 tsp. powdered ginger and 2 tsp. Sir

Cindy Chapman Skildum

Rating: 5 stars

08/06/2020

Great base recipe! Super quick and simple to make, easy to modify to your
liking as well! I doubled the amount of ginger, garlic, and thai chilis
because we like extra spicy and extra flavorful. also did a loose chop on the
peppers because we like the big chunks as well. This is a true go-to recipe!

Jennifer Belusar

Rating: 1 stars

09/06/2021

Following the recipe was a huge mistake. Way to spicy and it never set
completely even though I doubled the cornstarch. Ended up having to redo my
menu to scampi sauce and related items. BUMMER!!!!

Cinamon Blair

Rating: 5 stars

06/14/2021

Came out perfect

Jeanette

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2016

I made this recipe with some alterations to use what I had. I did not have
ginger (fresh or the minced jarred ginger) so that was omitted. For the chili,
I used a combo of chili paste and I chopped up a dried red chili pepper and
used a small amount of that. I quartered the recipe because I did not need the
full amount, so just 1/4 cup rice vinegar etc. I served with sweet potato
fries and it was delicious! I would definitely make it again, and I will make
it with the ginger next time to try!

Andrea

Rating: 4 stars

03/06/2020

This recipe was delicious in cauliflower lettuce wraps. However, I did not add
a cup of sugar. I added less.

Cordell P

Rating: 5 stars

07/02/2017

Delicious sauce, busting with flavor! Didn't have a pepper, so I used red
pepper flakes instead. Put it on top of Pork Fried Rice. Would definitely do
it again.

jacquieskitchen

Rating: 5 stars

01/07/2014

Tastes just like muy poy. Tastes great!

Shiloddt

Rating: 5 stars

06/11/2017

I cut 2 Thai chili peppers in half and added (with seeds) to the mixture just
to turn up the heat if you like it very hot.

John Alexander Singleton

Rating: 4 stars

01/01/2016

I'm down with the sugar content, it's not like a big gulp per wing. Also, I
add some sweet Thai chili paste (mine contained Red Chilli Purée Tamarind
Paste and fish sauce amongst other stuff). with this added to the orig recipe,
I did better than the cheap bottled store-bought stuff, but refrigerate.

crazy1colleen

Rating: 3 stars

08/05/2017

This recipe is a good pointing start, but needs too much tweaking. It was too
thin and sugary, so I thinned it out with more water and cornstarch.

Yorbelize

Rating: 2 stars

06/21/2015

I should have followed the other reviewers advice, this recipe was
disappointing.

Rachel Karteus

Rating: 1 stars

07/10/2019

This exact recipe is absolutely disgusting. I was so sad.

blacklabhiker

Rating: 5 stars

06/17/2017

This is a great sauce, but to really set it off, add a few dashes of fish
sauce to provide some underlying umami notes that really make this sauce
better than anything you can find in the store. A Bang Bang sauce recipe we
were following called for sweet chili sauce, we used this recipe to add to
that one and it was the best Bang Bang shrimp I have ever had.

Alicia

Rating: 4 stars

03/30/2019

I will definitely make it again.

Sparkle263

Rating: 4 stars

04/27/2016

well first off, i screwed up and didn't read the directions right...ended up
just mixing the ingredients together first...... So, then i just threw it in a
saucepot on the stove. It still came out good though. It was quite thin for
what i was using it for, and even though i added quite a bit more cornstarch,
it didn't thicken up. But i will make it again per the instructions to see if
that makes a difference, and will revise this review if different.

Keekers

Rating: 4 stars

01/11/2021

Very good sauce, I would use less sugar next time because it was to sweet for
me.

Brian

Rating: 5 stars

04/04/2021

I used Chilli's from my garden. Tastes great. But boy does it have a kick.
Well pleased.

cassb68

Rating: 2 stars

10/09/2021

The flavor is good, but I would use a bit less sugar. The major issue is the
cornstarch at the end. Make a slurry! I knew better and followed the recipe
anyway. Now I have a thin sauce with clumps of cornstarch floating in it.

Tim9703

Rating: 5 stars

04/21/2017

was excellent. Used as dipping sauce for chicken pieces. A big hit.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

##  All Reviews for Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Servings Per Recipe: 24  
Calories: 33.9  

% Daily Value *

carbohydrates:  8.7g  3 %

sugars:  8.4g

vitamin a iu:  7.1IU

vitamin c:  0.8mg  1 %

folate:  0.1mcg

calcium:  0.7mg

magnesium:  0.3mg

potassium:  3.9mg

sodium:  5mg

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 146

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

1 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

8barsnthetruth

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

2 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Cinamon Blair

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

3 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Iaconic

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

4 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Cindy Chapman Skildum

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

5 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Kelly McDonough

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

6 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Cherise Marie Garland

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

7 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Home Chef CD

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

8 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

spicywifey

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

9 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Stefan Cartmale

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

10 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Flail

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

11 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Michelle Hum

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

12 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Baking_Enchantress

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

13 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

VALLEE Girl

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

14 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Sallyp

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

15 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Arne Swanepoel

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

16 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

traptbabe6986

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

17 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Polyxeni Poulis

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

18 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

Sarah

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

19 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

FrackFamily5 CA—>CT

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

20 of 19 Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

WannaBeChef

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Sweet Chili Thai Sauce to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Sweet Chili Thai Sauce

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

