https://itsnotcomplicatedrecipes.com/sweet-chilli-sauce/#step-by-step-instructions


### Subscribe

For my free "favourites" e-book!

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Blog
  * About
  * Kitchen Tips
  * Subscribe
  * Contact
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Blog
  * About
  * Kitchen Tips
  * Subscribe
  * Get in touch

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

Ã—

Home Â» Condiments and Sauces Â» Sweet Chilli Sauce

# Sweet Chilli Sauce

Published: Sep 26, 2021 Â· Modified: Sep 26, 2021 by Alexandra

For the full recipe including quantities and method, click the "jump to
recipe" button, or scroll through and read our helpful tips along the way.

14453 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

You will find many ways in which to enjoy my homemade **Sweet Chilli Sauce**
and you will be pleasantly surprised how **easy** it is to make. It is made
from ingredients that are readily available and, as with all foods that we
make ourselves, we can control the quality of the ingredients which we use. It
is certain to become a **staple condiment** in your home!

Jump to:

  * Why we love this recipe:
  * Ingredients in this recipe:
  * Step by step instructions:
  * Tips for success and FAQs:
  * Serving suggestions:
  * Sweet Chilli Sauce

## Why we love this recipe:

If you like a condiment that adds a boost of flavour to many dishes, look no
further, this is the recipe for you. Sweet Chilli Sauce is an essential
condiment to many Asian recipes.

Here are some of the reasons that we love it:

  * The flavours are a harmonious blend of **sweet, spicy and tangy**.

  * It will suit people who follow a **gluten-free** or **vegan** diet.

  * You will be delighted to discover how quick and easy it is to make your own Thai-style Sweet Chilli Sauce â€“ it will take just a little over **30 minutes**.

  * All the ingredients are **readily available** ; in fact, you may have many on hand.

## Ingredients in this recipe:

_Please see the recipe card further along in the post for exact quantities of
ingredients and the full method._

**Sugar â€“** regular white sugar.

**Water â€“** I use filtered water.

**Rice wine vinegar â€“** is less acidic and milder than other vinegar.

**Garlic â€“** fresh garlic for flavour.

**Long red chillies â€“** also known as cayenne chillies. They generally have
mild-gentle heat but can vary.

**Cornflour/corn starch and cold water â€“** combine to slightly thicken the
chilli sauce.

## Step by step instructions:

The long, red chillies are generally mild but can vary, so you may wish to
wear disposable gloves.

  1. Finely chop the garlic and the chillies. Add the sugar, water, vinegar, garlic and finely chopped chillies to a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar, then simmer rapidly on medium to high heat for 12 minutes.
  2. Mix the cornflour with cold water. 
  3. Lower the heat, add the cornflour and water mixture to the chillies, stir well and simmer for about 3 minutes.
  4. Allow the mixture to cool for a few minutes then decant your Sweet Chilli Sauce into a sterilised jar or bottle.

## Tips for success and FAQs:

When making your own pickles and preserves, always ensure you are sterilising
the jars you will store them in. This is very simple to do:

  * Choose glass jars with an airtight, metal lid and ensure they have been washed by hand in hot soapy water then rinsed well
  * Preheat the oven to 130 Degrees C (270 F) and leave the jars for 15-20 minutes.

**Is this a hot sauce?**

This is a relatively mild sauce. The cayenne chillies have great flavour and
are often mild, but may vary. It should have a good balance of spicy and
sweet.

**How can I make it hotter?**

If you would like a hot sauce, simply replace some of the chillies with a hot
variety, such as Thai red chillies.

**Can I use another vinegar?**

Yes, you could use white wine vinegar. Do not use distilled white vinegar; it
is too strong.

**How long does the Sweet Chilli Sauce last?**

Store in a sterilised glass jar/bottle, in the fridge for up to 3 months.

## Serving suggestions:

Our Sweet Chilli Sauce is delicious alongside many things, such as:

  * Onion Patties
  * Pea and Mint Fritters
  * Tuna and Potato Patties
  * Mini Bacon and Onion Pasties
  * Tofu Sesame Toasts
  * Thai Style Chicken and Noodle Meatballs

Not only is it fun to make your own Sweet Chill Sauce, but it is also easy to
do. As with most things, nothing beats homemade. The ingredients are all
natural; your sauce will not contain any unnecessary additives which you may
find in some commercial varieties, and you will find many ways in which to
enjoy it.

If you give this recipe a try, please let me know in the comments.

Enjoy!

Alex xx

_This post was originally published in August 2018. It has been updated with
new photos and more information._ _The recipe remains the same._

## Sweet Chilli Sauce

You will find many ways in which to enjoy my homemade **Sweet Chilli Sauce**
and you will be pleasantly surprised how **easy** it is to make.

4.94 from 91 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Condiment, Preserves, Sauce

Cuisine: Thai

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Cooling Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 45 minutes

Servings: 2 cups

Calories: 464kcal

Author: Alexandra

### Ingredients

  * â–¢ 1 cup (225 g) **white sugar**
  * â–¢ 1 cup (250 ml) **water** See Note 1
  * â–¢ Â½ cup (125 ml) **rice wine vinegar** See Note 2
  * â–¢ 3 cloves **garlic** - peeled and finely chopped
  * â–¢ 1 cup (115 g) **long red chillies/cayenne peppers** - finely chopped with seeds included - prepared weight See Note 3
  * â–¢ 1  tablespoon **cornflour/corn starch** See Notes 4 and 5
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon **cold water** See Note 5

####  Recipe Measurements:

For accuracy, we recommend weighing your ingredients. This will produce the
best results.

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * The long, red chillies are generally mild, but they may vary, so as a precautionary measure, when chopping them you may choose to wear disposable gloves.

  * Remove the stem end of the chillies and then slice them in half lengthways. Chop them finely by hand or use a small food processor but do not reduce them to a paste.

  * In a small saucepan, place the sugar, 1 cup water, rice wine vinegar, finely chopped garlic and chillies. Over medium heat, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar, then simmer rapidly on medium to high heat for 12 minutes.

  * Mix the cornflour with the cold water. Lower the heat and re-stir the cornflour and water mixture as the cornflour tends to settle if prepared a little in advance.

  * Add the cornflour and water to the chillies, stir well and simmer for 3 minutes.

  * Allow the mixture to cool for a few minutes before bottling. This helps to evenly distribute the chillies through the mixture.

  * Decant into a sterilised jar or bottle. â€“ See Note 5.

When cool, store in the refrigerator for up to three months.

When using, remove a portion of sauce from the jar and allow it to come to
room temperature. Stir well before serving.

### Notes

  1. It is essential to use **filtered/un-chlorinated water** when pickling or preserving. (You donâ€™t want the bad taste of the water to affect the final product!)
  2. I have used **rice wine vinegar** , but you could use white wine vinegar. Do not use distilled white vinegar as it is too strong.
  3. The **long red chilli** is also known as cayenne/chilli pepper. After trimming the stalk, the chilli weight was 115 grams/4 ounces. 
  4. Use 1 tablespoon of **cornflour** if you like a thinner, pouring sauce or 1 Â½ tablespoon cornflour if you prefer a thicker sauce.

  5. In Australia, the **tablespoon** is 20 ml or 4 teaspoons. In many other countries, the tablespoon is 15 ml or 3 teaspoons. Please adjust your measurement if necessary.
  6. To **sterilise a jar** , preheat your oven to 130 Degrees C (270F). Place a clean jar or bottle in the oven for at least 20 minutes, then remove and, while the jar is still hot, fill with the Sweet Chilli Sauce.
  7. Please note, the **nutritional information** is based on one cup of sauce. The nutritional information is an estimate only.

### Nutrition Estimate:

Calories: 464kcal | Carbohydrates: 115g | Protein: 2g | Fat: 1g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g | Monounsaturated Fat: 1g | Sodium: 18mg |
Potassium: 311mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar: 105g | Calcium: 30mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this Recipe? Show me your creation!Mention @itsnotcomplicatedrecipes or
tag #itsnotcomplicatedrecipes!

#####  Nutritional Disclaimer:

The nutritional information is an estimate only, and is derived from online
calculators. For accurate results, we recommend calculating the nutritional
information based on the ingredients and brands you use.

Â« Chocolate Almond Cookies (Gluten-Free)

Gluten-Free Shortcrust Pastry Â»

14453 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

### Subscribe

for your weekly recipe fix.

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Luce Gilmore

July 16, 2022 at 2:12 am

  
I am designing a dessert chili sauce for use e.g. with mangoes & creme
fraiche, so I am leaving out the garlic & using maraschino cherries instead.
This recipe looks to be a good basic chili sauce without complicated spice or
tom. puree additions. Thanks for the tip on Oz tablespoons, I didn't know
that!

Reply

    * Alexandra

July 19, 2022 at 6:21 pm

Hi Luce, your dessert chilli sauce sounds fantastic. What a great idea! I do
hope that you enjoy it. ðŸ™‚

Reply

  2. Nicola

June 05, 2022 at 5:45 pm

  
Fantastic and easy. I added some ginger too and some chilli powder for a
bigger kick.. Never buying sweet chilli sauce again! Thanks!

Reply

    * Alexandra

June 07, 2022 at 1:16 pm

Hi Nicola, I am delighted to hear that you enjoyed the Sweet Chilli Sauce and
adapted it slightly to your taste. Thank you for your feedback. ðŸ™‚

Reply

      * Jacky

June 16, 2022 at 6:29 pm

Morning, can I re-boil as my sauce is too runny, thank you

      * Alexandra

June 16, 2022 at 7:00 pm

Hey Jacky!  
Have you let the sauce cool yet? It will thicken as it cools.  
If you have, and you'd still prefer the sauce to be thicker, you can reboil
and add a little more cornflour and water mixture.  
Kind regards,  
Alex

  3. Debra Whyatt

April 15, 2022 at 10:34 am

  
So easy to make and the recipe is easy to follow with helpful tips thrown in.

Reply

    * Alexandra

April 20, 2022 at 5:23 pm

Hello Debra, thank you for your lovely comments on the Sweet Chilli Sauce. I
am so pleased that you enjoyed it. ðŸ™‚

Reply

  4. Lynda

April 09, 2022 at 7:30 pm

Hi Alex

Do you know if low cal sweetener works in this sweet chilli sauce recipe?

Regards  
Lynda

Reply

    * Alexandra

April 10, 2022 at 4:11 pm

Hi Lynda, I haven't tried making the Sweet Chilli Sauce with an alternative
sweetener. It may be worth searching for a specific recipe. However, as sugar
does help preserve the Sauce, one with an alternative sweetener may not keep
as long. I hope this helps. Best wishes, Alex

Reply

  5. Anna

November 11, 2021 at 4:47 pm

Hi Alex,  
I made the sauce last nightâ€¦.we had it with our dinner delish! I put it in the
fridge and noticed it has turned cloudy! What did I do wrong?

Reply

    * Alexandra

November 15, 2021 at 4:22 pm

Hi Anna, I do apologise for the delay in writing back to you. Firstly, I am so
glad that you enjoyed the taste of the sauce! I have been wondering if the
cloudiness was perhaps due to boiling the sauce a little too long or if it
would disappear when the Sweet Chilli returned to room temperature? Something
else which may be helpful for a future batch is the amount of chilli. As
chillies vary in size it is recommended that you use the weight shown in the
recipe notes. For the volume measurement, I prepared some last night and it
was 1 cup of chopped chilli. I hope that helps - please feel free to reach out
with any questions. Kind regards, Alex

Reply

  6. Genevieve

October 09, 2021 at 2:59 pm

  
You can use sweet chili sauce on so many various recipes. I love how easy this
is and how you give clear instructions.

Reply

    * Alexandra

October 13, 2021 at 2:37 pm

Hello Genevieve, I am so pleased that you enjoy our Sweet Chilli Sauce. It
really is a useful, versatile condiment. ðŸ™‚

Reply

    * Preet Kaur

February 27, 2022 at 10:41 am

Hi. Can you use rice vinegar vs rice wine vinegar, and chilli flakes vs fresh
chillies?

Reply

      * Alexandra

February 27, 2022 at 4:15 pm

Hello Preet, rice wine vinegar is actually just another name for rice vinegar.
This recipe has been developed for fresh chillies. I have not tried using
dried chillies so cannot advise you on that. It would be best to look for a
recipe that is written especially for dried chillies. I hope this helps. Best
wishes, Alex ðŸ™‚

Â« Older Comments

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

## Primary Sidebar

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

### Hello!

Iâ€™m Alex.

I am a full-time blogger, passionate foodie and writer who loves to travel.

Welcome to Itâ€™s Not Complicated Recipes!

My blog reflects my approach to cooking. I like it to be simple, easily
prepared and delicious. learn more about me here â†’

### Find A Recipe

Search

### Subscribe

for your weekly recipe fix.

### Popular Recipes

  * Easy Plum Jam
  * Blackberry Jam
  * Apricot Jam
  * Raspberry Jam

### Seasonal Recipes

## Dutch Oven Mediterranean Beef Stew

## Brandied Oranges

## Quinoa Vegetable Soup

## Broccoli and Pea Soup

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### About

  * Our Story
  * Recipes
  * Blog

###  Disclaimers

  * Privacy Policy
  * Privacy Policy (GDPR)
  * Cookie Policy
  * Terms Of Use

### Contact

  * Contact
  * Subscribe

COPYRIGHT Â© 2022 Â· IT'S NOT COMPLICATED RECIPES | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

14453 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

