https://www.marthastewart.com/336213/chicken-siu-mai-chicken-dumplings


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * FOOD
  * HOLIDAYS
  * ENTERTAINING
  * HOME
  * GARDENING
  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING
  * WEDDINGS
  * SHOP
  * DIY
  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS
  * LIFE
  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Pin

Close this dialog window

## Explore Martha Stewart

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

####  7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

Kick-start your day by making habits out of these mood-boosting tips.  Read
More

    * Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

####  Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

It's one of your favorite fruits, but does it belong on the counter or in the
refrigerator?  Read More

    * This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove Pesky Growths from Your Garden

####  This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove
Pesky Growths from Your Garden

A few easy-to-find ingredients are all you need to create a powerful formula
that squashes weeds.  Read More

  * FOOD

### FOOD

See All FOOD

Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

####  Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes
    * Lunch Recipes
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Drink Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Cooking How-Tos
    * Baking
    * Menu Planning
    * Food News & Trends
    * Wine
    * Mastering the Holiday Meal
    * What's for Dinner
    * All Recipes

  * HOLIDAYS

### HOLIDAYS

See All HOLIDAYS

The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to Symbolism

####  The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to
Symbolism

Show your love of country by displaying these varieties on America's birthday.

    * Father's Day
    * Fourth of July
    * Halloween
    * Thanksgiving
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * New Year's Eve
    * Valentine's Day
    * St. Patricks Day
    * Passover
    * Easter
    * Mother's Day

  * ENTERTAINING

### ENTERTAINING

See All ENTERTAINING

How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

####  How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

Make gathering with loved ones a priority.

    * Seasonal Entertaining & Decorating
    * Baby Shower Ideas
    * Dinner Party Ideas
    * You're Invited

  * HOME

### HOME

See All HOME

We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

####  We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

We asked the experts to weigh in on this popular home design concept.

    * Home Design & Decor
    * Paint Colors & Palettes
    * DIY Home Projects
    * The Well-Kept Home

  * GARDENING

### GARDENING

See All GARDENING

A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

####  A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

Confused about when to do what to your favorite flowering shrubs? We have you
covered.

    * Container Gardening
    * Flower Gardens
    * Houseplants
    * Landscaping
    * Vegetable Gardens

  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING

### CLEANING & ORGANIZING

How to Wash Pillows

####  How to Wash Pillows

They're an essential element of a comfortable bed, so keep yours fresh and in
their best shape ever with these expert-approved tips.

    * Cleaning
    * Storage & Organization
    * Laundry & Linens

  * WEDDINGS

### WEDDINGS

See All WEDDINGS

Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

####  Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

Get the traditional rules for who pays for the wedding details.

    * Real Weddings
    * Wedding Party
    * Wedding Planning & Advice
    * Wedding Ceremony & Reception
    * Wedding Jewelry
    * Dresses & Style
    * Wedding Beauty & Wellness
    * Wedding Registry
    * Wedding Showers & Parties
    * Love & Marriage
    * Wedding Travel

  * SHOP
  * DIY

### DIY

See All DIY

How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

####  How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

Our easy melt-and-pour method saves the last bit of this home essential.

    * Dyeing
    * Holiday Crafts
    * Kids' Crafts
    * Knitting
    * Paper Crafts
    * Sewing
    * Rescue & Revamp

  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS

### BEAUTY & WELLNESS

Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

####  Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

This buzzy ingredient is a star player in many new-age hair care products.

    * Beauty
    * Health & Wellness
    * Live Well

  * LIFE

### LIFE

See All LIFE

    * Family
    * Pets
    * Travel
    * Net Worth

  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. marthastewart.com
  2. Food & Cooking
  3. Recipes
  4. Appetizers
  5. Chicken Siu Mai (Chicken Dumplings)

# Chicken Siu Mai (Chicken Dumplings)

Rating: 3.71 stars

14 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 5 
  * 4 star values: 3 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review

  * 14 Ratings 

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Chicken Siu Mai (Chicken Dumplings)

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

Makes 24

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 10 ounces skinless boneless chicken, trimmed, patted dry, and coarsely ground 
  * 1/3 cup finely diced, peeled, and washed water chestnuts 
  * 1/3 cup finely diced bamboo shoots 
  * 1/3 cup thinly sliced scallions 
  * 2 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch 
  * 2 tablespoons White Peppercorn Oil
  * 2 tablespoons oyster sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon peeled and minced fresh ginger 
  * 1 tablespoon Shao Hsing wine or dry sherry 
  * 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar 
  * 1 teaspoon soy sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil 
  * 1/4 teaspoon salt 
  * Pinch of freshly ground white pepper 
  * 1 large egg white, beaten 
  * 24 dumpling wrappers, cut into 2 1/2-inch rounds 
  * Vegetable oil, for steamer basket 
  * Mustard Dipping Sauce

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Make the filling: In a large bowl, combine chicken, water chestnuts, bamboo
shoots, scallions, cornstarch, white peppercorn oil, oyster sauce, ginger,
Shao Hsing, sugar, soy sauce, sesame oil, salt, pepper, and egg white. Stir to
mix thoroughly. Transfer to a shallow dish, and refrigerate, uncovered, for 4
hours, or covered, overnight.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Make the dumplings: Lightly oil a bamboo steamer basket, or line the bottom
with a round metal steamer insert; set aside. Work with one wrapper at a time,
and cover unused wrappers with a damp cloth. Place 1 1/2 tablespoons filling
in center of each wrapper. Hold filling in place with the blade of a butter
knife. Holding the dumpling in the other hand, gradually turn the knife and
dumpling slowly in a clockwise direction so that the dumpling forms a basket
shape.

  * Step 3

Remove knife, and pat filling with point of knife to smooth. Squeeze the
dumpling slightly to adhere dough to filling, this will ensure that the
dumpling and filling will remain intact during the steaming process. Tap the
dumpling bottom lightly on work surface to flatten. Place into prepared
steamer basket. Repeat with remaining filling and wrappers.

  * Step 4

Bring 3 inches of water to a boil in a wok. Place steamer basket over water.
Cover, and steam until dumplings are cooked through, about 6 minutes. Turn off
heat. Remove the steamer from the wok, and transfer to a platter. Serve
dumplings directly from steamer with mustard dipping sauce on the side.

Advertisement

##  Reviews

Add Rating & Review

14 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 5 
  * 4 star values: 3 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Back to Chicken Siu Mai (Chicken Dumplings)

##  All Reviews for Chicken Siu Mai (Chicken Dumplings)

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Back to Recipe

##  Review this recipe

Chicken Siu Mai (Chicken Dumplings)

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Submit

Success!Thanks for adding your feedback.

Martha Stewart

##

## Learn More

  * Contact Us
  * Customer Service
  * Media Kit
  * Martha's Blog
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * FAQ
  * Corporate
  * International
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMartha Stewart is part of the Meredith Home Group. © Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policythis link opens in a
new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens
in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web
Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Martha Stewart. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.marthastewart.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Chicken Siu Mai (Chicken Dumplings)

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

