https://www.siftandsimmer.com/cantonese-style-siu-mai-%E7%83%A7%E5%8D%96/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Matcha, tea-infused baking recipes & Asian favourites

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Contact
  * ## Navigation Menu: Social Icons

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * RSS
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Contact

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Savoury

# Cantonese-Style Siu Mai 烧卖

Published: May 11, 2022 by Michelle · 7 Comments

Share this recipe!

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Email
  * Twitter

Jump to Recipe \- Print Recipe

 _This recipe for Cantonese-Style Siu Mai (烧卖) features a savoury ground pork
mixture that is partially enclosed in a thin wheat and egg wrapper and steamed
until cooked. It is a classic staple in Chinese dim sum restaurants._

## What is siu mai?

_Siu mai_ 烧卖 (also "shu mai" or "shao mai") is a traditional Cantonese Chinese
steamed pork and shrimp dumpling.

It is served in Chinese dim sum restaurants as a snack, usually paired with
_har gow_ (shrimp dumplings).

They are small in size, and contain a pork mixture with Chinese mushroom
and/or shrimp that is encased with a thin wrapper skin made with wheat flour,
egg and lye water.

Unlike other filled **dumplings** , the tops of _siu mai_ are not fully
covered by the wrapper and have a small decoration of orange-coloured crab roe
or flying fish roe ( _tobiko_ ), diced carrot or green pea instead.

## Why you'll love this recipe

This recipe makes a small batch of _siu mai_ , which is suitable a small
family.

You can easily double the recipe to make a larger batch.

It's much more cost-effective to make these _siu mai_ at home, compared to
enjoying them at the dim sum restaurant.

The filling of the ground pork and mushrooms is juicy with a little bouncy
texture, which comes from beating the meat mixture in one direction.

Adding water chestnuts to the filling gives a little extra texture.

My son is allergic to shrimp but he loves _siu mai_ , so I've created this
version that doesn't contain shrimp. However, feel free to add diced shrimp to
the filling if you prefer (with the option below).

## Ingredients you'll need

**For the pork filling:**

  * **ground pork (or pork mince)** : a mixture of 80/20 ratio of meat to fat is optimal; for a more juicier filling, use Berkshire pork or add pork back fat to the mixture
  * **raw shrimp or prawn** : deveined, peeled and chopped; optional -- **Note:** **adding shrimp will increase the yield to 20 pcs**
  * **fine sea salt** : for seasoning the meat
  * **light soy sauce** : adds additional savoury flavour; you can also use regular soy sauce
  * **black pepper** : or white pepper
  * **granulated sugar** : a touch to balance out the flavour
  * **tapioca starch** : to bind the meat together and give it a smooth texture
  * **ice cold water** : to moisten and keep the meat mixture from over heating while beating
  * **dried Chinese/ _shiitake_ mushrooms**: soaked in water, drained and chopped into small pieces
  * **water chestnuts** : usually comes in a can packed in water, adds a crunchy and slightly sweet texture; optional
  * **sesame oil** : toasted, for flavour and aroma

**For the siu mai wrappers:**

  * **small wonton wrappers** : if using store-bought, wonton wrappers usually come only in a square shape. For this recipe, trim the wrappers into a round circle.

**Note** : some wonton wrappers are yellow and some are white; typically _siu
mai_ wrappers are yellow due to the addition of eggs and lye water.

**Garnish:** (use one of the following)

  * **crab roe or flying fish roe ( _tobiko_ )**: generally used in _siu mai_ found in dim sum restaurants; tiny little round spheres with a salty and crunchy texture; used in many Japanese dishes such as sushi
  * **carrot** : small dice
  * **green pea** : 1 pea per _siu mai_

##

## How to make them

### Make the pork filling

In a large bowl (or stand mixer bowl), combine the ground pork, shrimp (if
using), sea salt, soy sauce, black pepper, sugar, tapioca starch, and ice
water ( **Step 2 below** ).

If using a large bowl, use a pair of chopsticks to stir the pork mixture
around in one direction.

If using a stand mixer bowl, attach the paddle attachment and let it beat for
about 5 minutes on low-medium speed ( **Step 3 below** ).

Add in the Chinese mushrooms, water chestnut and sesame oil and continue to
beat for another 2-3 minutes, until strands form in the meat mixture ( **Step
4 below** ).

Cover and store in the fridge until ready to assemble ( **Step 5 below** ).

### Prepare the wrappers

If using store-bought wonton wrappers ( **Step 6 above** ), place a round disc
on top of the wrappers ( **Step 7 above** ).

Use a sharp knife to trim the edges to make it a round circle shape ( **Step 8
and 9 above** ).

You may need to do this in small batches.

Cover the wrapper skins with a damp paper towel and set aside.

### How to fold and wrap

With one hand, touch the index and middle finger to your thumb to make a hole
or "O" shape ( **Step 10 below** ).

Take a wrapper in the other hand and place it over top of the "hole" and make
a slight divot ( **Step 11 and 12 below** ).

Use an offset spatula or butter knife and place a scoop (about 2 teaspoons) of
pork filling into the divot ( **Step 13 below** ).

Use your fingers to shape the dumpling by gently squeezing it so it forms a
short cylinder ( **Step 14 below** ).

If there is not enough pork filling, continue to fill up to the top of the
wrapper ( **Step 15 below** ).

If the _siu mai_ is lopsided, use your fingers to shape and straighten it.

In the case the edges of the wrapper doesn't stick, dab a little water to
seal.

Place onto a lightly oiled tray or plate ( **Step 16 below** ).

Garnish the top with a small dollop of crab roe ( _tobiko_ ), diced carrot or
a green pea ( **Step 17 below** ).

Continue with the remainder.

At this point in time, you can freeze a tray of _siu mai_ in the freezer until
frozen (a few hours), or go ahead with steaming ( **Step 18 below** ).

## How to cook

Arrange the __ dumplings onto a steaming rack or bamboo steamer and fill with
enough water.

Cover with a lid and steam dumplings on high heat for 10 minutes (add
additional 5 minutes if steaming from frozen), until cooked through.

The pork will turn from pink to brown/beiege when cooked.

##

## How to serve

Serve the pork dumplings piping hot and freshly steamed with Chinese hot
mustard, **chili oil** , or chili sauce.

There is no particular dipping sauce that "officially" goes with siu mai.

As this is a classic dim sum/" _yum cha_ " dish, it's best serve these
dumplings with hot tea: try jasmine, pu'erh or oolong tea.

## How to store

Store cooked pork siu mai in an airtight container in the fridge for up to 3
days.

For uncooked _siu mai_ , store in the freezer in a freezer-safe container for
up to 3 months.

## How to reheat

The most optimal way to reheat _siu mai_ is to re-steam them.

If the dumplings have been cooked through (and stored in the fridge), you may
use a microwave to briefly heat them up. Be careful to watch the timing as the
skins may dry up.

## Expert tips

For any **excess wonton wrappers** (trimmed, or otherwise) separate them and
add to a pot of hot boiling water to make "noodles."

Cook until they float and drain them.

Add a little soy sauce and a drizzle of sesame oil or enjoy with a soup broth.

##

## FAQs

**Can you boil siu mai?**

No, it is preferable to steam them. The garnishing ingredients would also fall
off if boiled.

**Are dumpling wrappers and siu mai wrappers the same?**

No. Dumpling wrappers are made with wheat flour and water, whereas _siu mai_
wrappers use wonton wrappers, which have egg and lye water added to the dough.

**What's the difference between dumplings and siu mai?**

Dumplings such as _har gow_ , **sheng jian bao** , _ham sui gok_ , or in this
**rose-style siu mai** , the filling is fully enclosed by a thin or thick
dough wrapper.

In _siu mai_ , the filling is only partially enclosed.

**Can you freeze them?**

Yes, siu mai freezes very well, in an airtight container.

**Can you cook siu mai from frozen?**

Yes, you can steam the siu mai straight from frozen. Just be sure to add 5-10
minutes to the overall steaming time.

**Are they healthy?**

_Siu mai_ is not considered a health food due to its higher fat content.

However, making it at home is much more healthier as you can control type of
ground pork you're using.

## Other dim sum recipes you may like

Be sure to check out these dim sum recipes:

**Homemade Chinese Egg Tarts**

**Rice Noodle Rolls 豬腸粉 (Chee Cheong Fun)**

**Preserved Century Egg Pork Congee**

**Steamed BBQ Pork Buns (Char Siu Bao)**

**Homemade Pineapple Buns (Bo Lo Bao)**

**Homemade Chinese BBQ Pork Pastry (Char Siu Sou)**

**Green Onion Pancakes (Edmonton/Donut-Style)**

**Let me know if you try out this recipe -- tag me on Instagram@siftandsimmer
or leave me a comment/rating below!**



Print Recipe

5 from 6 votes

## Cantonese-Style Siu Mai 烧卖

This recipe for Cantonese-Style Siu Mai (烧卖) features a savoury ground pork
mixture that is partially enclosed in a thin wheat and egg wrapper and steamed
until cooked. It is a classic staple in Chinese dim sum restaurants.

Prep Time1 hr

Cook Time10 mins

Total Time1 hr 10 mins

Course: Appetizer, Dim Sum

Cuisine: Asian, Cantonese, Chinese

Servings: 16

Calories: 67kcal

Author: Michelle

### Equipment

  * steamer

For accuracy and precision in baking recipes, use weight (metric) measurements
when available.

### Ingredients

#### Pork filling:

  * 285 g lean ground pork or diced lean pork shoulder meat
  * ½ lb (226g) raw shrimp, whole, cut into ¼ pieces optional
  * ½ teaspoon fine sea salt
  * 1 teaspoon soy sauce or adjust to your taste
  * ⅛ teaspoon black pepper or white pepper
  * 2 teaspoon granulated sugar
  * 2 teaspoon tapioca starch
  * 2 tablespoon ice cold water
  * 3 dried Chinese mushrooms soaked and diced
  * 2 whole  water chestnuts diced, optional
  * ½ teaspoon sesame oil plus additional for greasing

#### Wrappers:

  * 16 pcs  wonton wrappers 20 pcs if adding shrimp

#### Garnish: choose one

  * crab or flying fish roe (tobiko)
  * diced carrot
  * green peas

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

#### For key visual step-by-step photos, refer to the body of the post.

#### Make the pork filling:

  * In a large bowl (or stand mixer bowl), combine the ground pork, shrimp (if using), sea salt, soy sauce, black pepper, sugar, tapioca starch, and ice water.

  * If using a large bowl, use a pair of chopsticks to stir the pork mixture around in one direction.

  * If using a stand mixer bowl, attach the paddle attachment and let it beat for about 5 minutes on low-medium speed.

  * Add in the Chinese mushrooms, water chestnut and sesame oil and continue to beat for another 2-3 minutes, until strands form in the meat mixture.

  * Cover and store in the fridge until ready to assemble.

#### Prepare the wrappers:

  * If using store-bought wonton wrappers, place a round disc on top of the wrappers.

  * Use a sharp knife to trim the edges to make it a round circle shape.

  * You may need to do this in small batches.

  * Cover the wrapper skins with a damp paper towel and set aside.

#### Assemble:

  * With one hand, touch the index and middle finger to your thumb to make a hole or "O" shape.

  * Take a wrapper in the other hand and place it over top of the "hole" and make a slight divot.

  * Use an offset spatula or butter knife and place a scoop (about 2 teaspoons) of pork filling into the divot.

  * Use your fingers to shape the dumpling by gently squeezing it so it forms a short cylinder.

  * If there is not enough pork filling, continue to fill up to the top of the wrapper.

  * If the siu mai is lopsided, use your fingers to shape and straighten it.

  * In the case the edges of the wrapper doesn't stick, dab a little water to seal.

  * Place onto a lightly oiled tray or plate.

  * Garnish the top with a small dollop of crab roe (tobiko), diced carrot or a green pea.

  * Continue with the remainder.

  * At this point in time, you can freeze a tray of siu mai in the freezer until frozen (a few hours), or go ahead with steaming.

#### Steam:

  * Arrange the __ dumplings onto a steaming rack or bamboo steamer and fill with enough water.

  * Cover with a lid and steam dumplings on high heat for 10 minutes (add additional 5 minutes if steaming from frozen), until cooked through.

  * Enjoy while hot and juicy with mustard or chili oil/sauce.

### Nutrition

Calories: 67kcal | Carbohydrates: 2g | Protein: 6g | Fat: 4g | Saturated Fat:
1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g | Monounsaturated Fat: 2g | Trans Fat: 1g |
Cholesterol: 36mg | Sodium: 128mg | Potassium: 99mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 1g |
Vitamin A: 1IU | Vitamin C: 1mg | Calcium: 12mg | Iron: 1mg

The nutritional information provided should be considered as approximate and
is not guaranteed. Please use your best judgment to ensure food is safely
prepared and/or a good fit for your diet.

Did you try this recipe?Mention @siftandsimmer or tag #siftandsimmer!

_Recipe adapted fromChef Tsang._

« Cold Brew Lavender Ice Cream

Matcha Ice Cream Sandwiches »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. David @ Spiced

May 12, 2022 at 5:17 am

  
I must admit that I don't have any experience cooking steamed dumplings. I've
always been impressed by them, and I do love the flavor...I just haven't
attempted cooking them myself. Great post here, Michelle!

Reply

  2. Dawn

May 13, 2022 at 1:12 pm

  
I have never made dumplings like this before, only ate restaurant or store-
bought ones. I love those, but I bet homemade are amazing!! These are
seriously making me hungry right now!!

Reply

  3. Linsey

May 15, 2022 at 12:36 pm

  
Mmm, yummy siu mai. Making at home is so much easier than to go out and eat,
as so much time is wasted for the food to arrive at the table in the crowded
restaurant. Thanks for the method of making the siu mai!

Reply

  4. Raymund | angsarap.net

May 19, 2022 at 2:36 pm

  
Definitely one of my favourite dimsums! Cant get enough of these

Reply

  5. Suja MD

June 28, 2022 at 5:34 pm

  
Delicious yet simple recipe that the whole family loved. Can’t wait to make it
again!

Reply

    * Michelle

June 30, 2022 at 1:34 pm

Thank you for trying the recipe, Suja!

  6. Kathleen

July 29, 2022 at 5:54 pm

  
I really had no idea siu mai was this easy to make. I appreciate the step-by-
step pictures and directions. I am excited to give this recipe a try.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### About Me

My name is Michelle and Sift & Simmer is a food recipe blog featuring easy,
creative and delicious recipes. I believe that the best food is made from
scratch. Read More…

### Subscribe for Latest recipes

Search

### Follow Me

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * YouTube

### Popular Recipes

## Small-Batch Matcha Rice Krispie Squares

## Matcha Crispy Rice Clusters Cereal

## Matcha Cupcakes with Whipped Cream Frosting

## Matcha Yuzu Gin Fizz

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

About

Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

Subscribe for the latest recipes and updates directly to your inbox!

### Contact

Contact

Copyright © 2022 Sift & Simmer

All images and content are copyright protected. Do not use without prior
permission.

