https://www.lokataste.com/siew-mai/


Skip to content

  * Home
  * Travel Spots
  * Popular Menus
  * Food Recipes

____ Menu

  * Home
  * Travel Spots
  * Popular Menus
  * Food Recipes

# Siew Mai Recipe: How To Make Delicious Siew Mai At Home

  * __ LokaTaste 

Advertisements

When Malaysians crave for Dim Sum, one particular iconic dish that is a must-
have is the Siew Mai! Also known as Shu Mai, it is a traditional Chinese
dumpling and usually served as a snack. The Siew Mai is also a staple food for
anyone who’s craving Dim Sum for breakfast! In Malaysia, the most well-known
variety of Siew Mai is the Cantonese _siumaai_ ; with a standard filling of
ground pork and shrimp, covered in a thin sheet of lye water dough that is
either yellow or white.

Nowadays, you can find Siew Mai almost everywhere besides the Chinese
restaurants. On top of that, there are many other Siew Mai varieties which
consist of different proteins, fillings and colours!

Advertisements

## **Origin of Siew Mai**

Siew Mai is considered to have originated from Hohhot, which is the capital of
Inner Mongolia in the north of China. Back then, it was described by
historical materials that the Siew Mai was served as a secondary product in
tea houses. The name 'Siew Mai' or 'Shu Mai' meant that the product is "sold
as a sideline" with tea.

The product was also initially in the form of meat and vegetables wrapped in
thin sheets. Besides that, a tradition is still kept in Hohhot where they sell
this product by weighing only the wrapper. The Siew Mai continues to spread
widely as merchants of Shanxi were believed to have brought it to Beijing and
Tianjin.

##  **Siew Mai Recipe: How To Make Delicious Siew Mai At Home**

For this recipe, we will be making a Cantonese style Siew Mai. The protein
used for this recipe is pork and prawns. However, for a halal version of Siew
Mai, you can also opt to change the protein to chicken or mutton according to
your preference.

### Details

Servings

1 (4 pieces of large Siew Mai)

Prep time

20 minutes

Cooking time

10 minutes

Calories

201 kcal

Print

### Ingredients

  * 40 g of prawn meat (coarsely chopped)

  * 1 Chinese dried mushroom (rehydrated and diced)

  * 100 g of pork belly (coarsely chopped)

  * ¼ tsp of ground white pepper

  * 1 tsp of Shaoxing wine

  * ½ tsp of sesame oil

  * ½ tsp of caster sugar

  * 1 tsp of oyster sauce

  * ¼ tsp of cornflour

  * ¼ tsp of salt

  * Four wonton skin

Print

### Directions

  * First, marinate the prawn meat with salt for 5 minutes. Then, wash the salt away under running water until the water turns clear.
  * Next, place the prawn meat in a colander to drain away as much water as possible.
  * After that, combine all the ingredients stated above into a bowl or a plate. Then, mix the ingredients and pound it until it forms a firm mass like a patty or meatloaf.
  * When it is firm, place the fillings onto the wonton skin. After putting them in, rotate the Siew Mai and squeeze it gently at the waist.
  * Then, use a metal spoon to press down the meat to make it even. Flatten the base of the Siew Mai so that it can sit on the steamer.
  * After that, steam the Siew Mai over high heat with a lid on for 10 minutes.
  * Your Siew Mai is ready to serve!

Notes :  
If you have time to spare, after mixing the filling, you can leave it in the
refrigerator for about an hour until it becomes firm; as it is easier to wrap
the Siew Mai with a chilled filling. You can also line the steamer with baking
paper to avoid the Siew Mai from sticking. If you do not intend to steam the
Siew Mai immediately, you may also freeze it for next time.  
---  
  
##  **Ways to Enjoy Siew Mai**

Inspired by how Siew Mai was consumed back in the days, this snack is best
enjoyed with a cup of warm Chinese tea. Besides that, it would be great to
pair the Siew Mai with other Dim Sum favourites such as Steamed Pork Bun,
Shrimp Dumplings ( _har gow_ ), Chinese Pan Fried Dumplings and more! For a
more filling and balanced meal, pair the Siew Mai with some vegetables and
rice or noodle dishes. Or you could enjoy it on its own too!

Explore other local favourite Malaysian delights here at Lokataste Recipe!

__

__

__

__

## Advertisement

## Related Posts

Recipe

###  Appam Recipe: How to Make Authentic and Tasty Appam

Recipe

###  Ginger Tea Recipe: How to Make Fresh Ginger Tea

Recipe

###  Lidah Kucing Recipe: How to Make Lidah at Home

### Leave a Comment

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Type here..

Name*

Email*

Website

Please enter an answer in digits:

 **3 + twelve = **

## Advertisement

## Most popular

###  Sarawak Food Guide: 10 Local Delicacies For Tourists & Locals 2022

Sunny

###  Kuchai Lama Cafes For Cafe-Hopping: Best 10 of 2022

Sunny

###  Guide to Where to Eat in Taman Connaught: 10 Picks of 2022

Sunny

###  Seri Kembangan Food Guide: 10 Delicious Restaurants in 2022

Sunny

###  Kampung Baru Food Worth Eating! 2022 Top 10

Sunny

###  Setia Alam Food: 10 Delicious Delicacies To Try in 2022

Sunny

## Advertisement

  * Sitemap
  * Terms
  * Privacy Policy

____ Menu

  * Sitemap
  * Terms
  * Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2022 DWP Digital Sdn Bhd (1436118-X) | Website powered by Walk
Production

