https://www.greatbritishchefs.com/recipes/scallop-siu-mai-recipe


|

  * Recipes 
    *       *         * Meat and Poultry
        * Beef
        * Chicken
        * Duck
        * Lamb
        * Pork
        * See more
        *         * Cakes and Baking
        * Easy cake
        * Loaf cake
        * Layer cake
        * Tarts
        * Pâtisserie
        * See more
      *         * Fish and Seafood
        * Cod
        * Prawn
        * Sea bass
        * Hake
        * Salmon
        * See more
        *         * Occasions
        * Dinner party
        * Breakfast
        * Party
        * Sunday roast
        * All-day brunch
      *         * Courses
        * Canapés
        * Starters
        * Mains
        * Sides
        * Desserts
        * Petits fours
        *         * Cuisine
        * Mexican
        * Italian
        * Indian
        * Thai
        * Chinese
        * French
      *         * Dish type
        * Curry
        * Soup
        * Pasta
        * Salad
        * One-pot
        * Stew
        *         * Everyday and easy
        * Midweek meal
        * Easy pie
        * Easy chicken
        * Easy vegan
        * Easy curry
        * See all easy recipes
      *         * Diets
        * Vegetarian
        * Vegan
        * Pescatarian
        * Gluten-free
        * Dairy-free
        * Low carb
        *         * Seasonal
        * Celeriac
        * Cauliflower
        * Kale
        * Rhubarb
        * Blood orange
        * Asparagus
    * ### After something else? Take a look at what's new and get inspired.

Latest Recipes

    *   * Chefs
  * How to Cook 
    *       *         * Meat and poultry
        * Chicken
        * Beef
        * Lamb
        * Pork
        * Duck
        * See all
        *         * Cakes and baking
        * Line a tart tin
        * Blind bake
        * Make macarons
        * Bake cakes
        * Make sweet pastry
        * Make biscuits
      *         * Fish and seafood
        * Monkfish
        * Haddock
        * Sea bass
        * Mackerel
        * Red mullet
        * See all
        *         * Sous vide
        * Sous vide meat
        * Sous vide fish
        * Sous vide vegetables
        * Sous vide fruit
        * Tips and tricks
        * See all
      *         * Vegetables
        * Beetroot
        * Butternut squash
        * Red cabbage
        * Sweet potato
        * Tomato
        * See all
        *         * Pickling
        * Pickle asparagus
        * Pickle mackerel
        * Pickle gooseberries
        * Pickle cucumber
        * Pickle red cabbage
        * See all
      *         * Knife skills
        * Butchery
        * Fish preparation
        * Vegetable preparation
        * Chiffonade
        * Sharpen a knife
        * See all
        *         * Chef tricks
        * Brining
        * Fish stock
        * Rib-eye steak
        * Chorizo crisps
        * Pomme purée
        * Crispy chicken skin
    * ### Can't see what you're looking for? Browse our collection of cooking guides.

View All

    *   * Features
  * Competitions

  * 

  * Recipes
  * Chefs
  * How to Cook
  * Features
  * Competitions
  * 

Recipes

  * Meat and Poultry
  * Fish and Seafood
  * Courses
  * Dish type
  * Diets
  * Cakes and Baking
  * Occasions
  * Cuisine
  * Everyday and easy
  * Seasonal

Meat and Poultry

  * Beef
  * Chicken
  * Duck
  * Lamb
  * Pork
  * See more

Fish and Seafood

  * Cod
  * Prawn
  * Sea bass
  * Hake
  * Salmon
  * See more

Courses

  * Canapes
  * Starters
  * Mains
  * Sides
  * Desserts
  * Petits fours

Dish type

  * Curry
  * Soup
  * Pasta
  * Salad
  * One-pot
  * Stew

Diets

  * Vegetarian
  * Vegan
  * Pescatarian
  * Gluten-free
  * Dairy-free
  * Low carb

Cakes and Baking

  * Easy cake
  * Loaf cake
  * Layer cake
  * Tarts
  * Patisserie
  * See more

Occasions

  * Dinner party
  * Breakfast
  * Party
  * Sunday roast
  * All-day brunch

Cuisine

  * Mexican
  * Italian
  * Indian
  * Thai
  * Chinese
  * French

Everyday and easy

  * Midweek meal
  * Easy pie
  * Easy chicken
  * Easy vegan
  * Easy curry
  * See all easy recipes

Seasonal

  * Celeriac
  * Cauliflower
  * Kale
  * Rhubarb
  * Blood orange
  * Asparagus

How to Cook

  * Meat and poultry
  * Fish and seafood
  * Vegetables
  * Knife skills
  * Cakes and baking
  * Sous vide
  * Pickling
  * Chef tricks

Meat and poultry

  * Chicken
  * Beef
  * Lamb
  * Pork
  * Duck
  * See all

Fish and seafood

  * Monkfish
  * Haddock
  * Sea bass
  * Mackerel
  * Red mullet
  * See all

Vegetables

  * Beetroot
  * Butternut squash
  * Red cabbage
  * Sweet potato
  * Tomato
  * See all

Knife skills

  * Butchery
  * Fish preparation
  * Vegetable preparation
  * Chiffonade
  * Sharpen a knife
  * See all

Cakes and baking

  * Line a tart tin
  * Blind bake
  * Make macarons
  * Bake cakes
  * Make sweet pastry
  * Make biscuits

Sous vide

  * Sous vide meat
  * Sous vide fish
  * Sous vide vegetables
  * Sous vide fruit
  * Tips and tricks
  * See all

Pickling

  * Pickle asparagus
  * Pickle mackerel
  * Pickle gooseberries
  * Pickle cucumber
  * Pickle red cabbage
  * See all

Chef tricks

  * Brining
  * Fish stock
  * Rib-eye steak
  * Chorizo crisps
  * Pomme puree
  * Crispy chicken skin

#  Scallop siu mai

by

Jeremy Pang

  * Starter
  * easy
  * Makes 10 
  * 1 hour 10 minutes

PT1H10M

Jeremy grew up eating dim sum, but it wasn't until his recent trip to
Singapore that he learnt the true art to making dim sum. This scallop siu mai
recipe may take a bit of time to perfect, but don't worry as they will taste
great no matter how they look.

First published in 2016

Discover more:

  * Easy scallops Recipes
  * Prawn Recipes

Share recipe

###  Related recipes

###  Related recipes

'The Cantonese Kitchen' – barbecued pork crackling with prawn, plum and
truffle

by Andrew Wong

Char siu and scallop cheung fun mille-feuille

by Andrew Wong

Shiitake chive dumplings

by Jeremy Pang

Har gau

by Tong Chee Hwee

Pork and chive dumplings

by Nisha Thomas

Although I have been eating them pretty much since I was able to eat solid
food, my real dim sum journey started about four years ago when I went back to
Singapore to learn how to make them from scratch. On the first day of class,
my teacher made sure that I made a minimum of 500 of each type before I could
move onto the next, as getting each one to look exactly the same takes time.
With these open wontons, practice makes perfect – but don’t be put off! They
will taste good however they end up looking and are a great addition to any
dinner party.

Tip: The traditional way to beat the filling is to scoop it from the mixing
bowl in a cupped hand and throw it back into the bowl. This not only
tenderises the meat, but will push any air out of the mix, creating a smooth
finish when biting into the dumplings.

_Recipe from Chinese Unchopped by Jeremy Pang (Quadrille, £20)_

 _Photography by Martin Poole._

##  Ingredients

print recipe

shopping List

### Metric

### Imperial

#### Siu mai

  * 10  king scallops, fresh
  * 100g of  prawns, peeled and deveined
  * 2  dried shiitake mushrooms, soaked
  * 300g of  pork mince
  * 20g of cornflour
  * 1 packet wonton wrappers, fresh

#### Marinade

  * 1 tbsp of sesame oil
  * 1/2  egg white
  * 1/2 tsp  black pepper
  * 1/2 tsp  salt
  * 1 tsp granulated sugar

#### Dipping sauce (optional)

  * 2 tbsp of  light soy sauce
  * 2 tbsp of black rice vinegar
  * piece of fresh ginger, cut into fine matchsticks

print recipe

shopping List

##  Method

print recipe

1

Remove the scallop roes, if still attached, and slice the scallops in half
lengthways. Finely chop the prawns and mushrooms

2

Mix together the sauce ingredients, if using, in a small bowl or ramekin

3

Mix the pork mince, prawns, mushrooms and cornflour together with the marinade
ingredients, then beat the mix together until it forms a smooth paste

4

Cut the wonton wrappers into circles using a 6.5cm pastry cutter, then place 1
1/2 teaspoons of the pork mixture in the centre of each wrapper. Using the
base of the teaspoon, spread the filling out over the wrapper, ensuring it
covers it completely edge to edge

5

Create an ‘egg cup’ shape with your left hand and insert the wrapper so that
it rests on top, with the middle drooping into the centre of your hand

6

With your free right hand, use the base of your spoon as a ‘lid’ to ensure all
the meat stays in the parcel, while turning the wrapper with your left hand
using your thumb and index finger of your ‘egg cup’. The aim is to form a
uniform dumpling with straight walls of pastry all the way around the meat

7

Once your dumplings have been made, place half a scallop on top of each

8

Line a bamboo steamer with greased baking paper or banana leaf. Add the
dumplings to the basket, place over a wok a third-filled with boiling water
and steam for 8–10 minutes

9

Serve with the dipping sauce, if using, or with sweet soy sauce

First published in 2016

Discover more:

  * Easy scallops Recipes
  * Prawn Recipes

Share recipe

}

Jeremy Pang

School of Wok founder, author and TV chef Jeremy Pang comes from three
generations of Chinese chefs. Being surrounded by food connoisseurs, Jeremy
developed his passion for food and soon realised the importance and
correlation between basic cooking skills and eating well.

### You may also like

Jeremy Pang

Contributor Profile

Dim sum

Recipe Collection

'The Cantonese Kitchen' – barbecued pork crackling with prawn, plum and
truffle

by Andrew Wong

Char siu and scallop cheung fun mille-feuille

by Andrew Wong

Chinese

Recipe Collection

Har gau

by Tong Chee Hwee

Dumpling

Recipe Collection

Shiitake chive dumplings

by Jeremy Pang

Pork and chive dumplings

by Nisha Thomas

Fire and umami: a very different Christmas dinner

by Great British Chefs

### NAVIGATE

  * Home 
  * Recipes 
  * Michelin star results 2022 
  * Chefs 
  * Restaurant map 
  * Ingredients 
  * Recipe collections 
  * Features 
  * How to cook 
  * Competitions 

### NEWSLETTER

### Sign up to our newsletter now

### FOLLOW

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

### SITES

### INFORMATION

  * Contact 
  * Work with us 
  * Insights and consultancy 
  * Great British Chefs shop 
  * Great British Chefs x TheFoodMarket.com 
  * Join our Great British Chefs Cookbook Club 
  * FAQs 
  * About us 
  * Jobs 
  * Contributors 
  * Photography 
  * Policies 
  * T's and C's 

### FOLLOW

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

(C) Great British Chefs 2022

CREATE AN ACCOUNT

Get Notifications

Manage Cookies

