https://www.today.com/recipes/pork-prawn-mushroom-bamboo-shoot-siu-mai-recipe-t247541


IE 11 is not supported. For an optimal experience visit our site on another
browser.

33 practical hacks to get you through the end of summer — starting at $7

SKIP TO CONTENT

Today Logo

  * On The Show
  * Shop
  * Health
  * Parents
  * Food
  * Pop Culture
  * Life

Search

  * Share this --
  *   *   *   *   * 

Search TodaySearch

Sections

  * Health & Wellness
  * Parenting
  * Food
  * Shop
  * Pop Culture
  * Style
  * Home
  * Videos

Shows

  * TODAY
  * 3rd Hour of TODAY
  * TODAY with Hoda & Jenna
  * Saturday TODAY
  * Sunday TODAY with Willie Geist
  * Watch Full Episodes

More

  * News
  * Help
  * Trending
  * TODAY Table
  * Recipes
  * Newsletters
  * Citi Music Series
  * Parenting Team
  * Pets & Animals
  * Money
  * Asian American Voices
  * Black Voices
  * Latino Voices
  * LGBTQ Voices
  * Women Are Essential

Follow today

  *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

More Brands

NBC News LogoMSNBC Logo

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Email
  * SMS
  * Print
  * Whatsapp
  * Reddit
  * Pocket
  * Flipboard
  * Twitter
  * Linkedin

Recipes

# Pork, Prawn, Mushroom and Bamboo Shoot Siu Mai

Feb. 16, 2022, 8:45 AM EST / Updated April 14, 2022, 4:07 AM UTC

COOK TIME

10 mins

PREP TIME

30 mins

SERVINGS

2-4

RATE THIS RECIPE

(10)

## A look at China’s most popular foods: Peking duck, meatballs and dumplings

04:54

Ching-He Huang

COOK TIME

10 mins

PREP TIME

30 mins

SERVINGS

2-4

RATE THIS RECIPE

(10)

  *   *   *   * Link copied

  *   * Print

## Ingredients

Siu Mai

  * 1 tablespoon grated ginger 
  * 1 large spring onion, finely chopped 
  * 1 tin bamboo shoots, diced 
  * 5 Chinese mushrooms, rehydrated in warm water for 20 minutes 
  * 3-4 ounces fresh Madagascar tiger prawns, shelled, deveined and finely chopped 
  * 5 ounces pork loin, roughly chopped 
  * 1 tablespoon premium light soy sauce 

  * 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil 
  * 1 tablespoon Shaoxing rice wine or dry sherry 
  * 2 teaspoons cornstarch 
  * 1 small pinch ground white pepper 
  * 1 small pinch sea salt 
  * 16 (2½- by 2½-inch) wonton egg wrappers 
  * 1 medium carrot, washed, trimmed and cut into thin slices (about 10 slices) 

Vinegar-Soy Dressing

  * 2 tablespoons premium light soy sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil 
  * 2 tablespoons clear rice vinegar 

  * 1 teaspoon coriander stems, finely chopped 
  * 1 teaspoon chiles, deseeded and finely chopped 

## Chef notes

Siu mai is an open-face dumpling with pork and prawn filling usually served in
a bamboo basket. A dim sum favorite, siu mai is healthier than other dumplings
because they're steamed instead of fried. Dim sum is a Chinese tradition that
came out of the Silk Road, originating from the Guangdong Province (formerly
Canton). Teahouses opened up to serve travelers with teas and snacks served in
bamboo baskets, giving them their "yum cha" break.

The first time I tried dim sum was in Hong Kong when I was about 13. My father
took my brother and me on a trip to visit my aunt. I remember been woken up at
early hours and we were taken to a bright, colorful restaurant in Kowloon Bay.
It was a Sunday morning and we proceeded to eat our way through plates and
baskets full of delicacies wheeled to us on trolleys. It was such a joyous
breakfast and lunch experience, we didn't leave until noon! Whenever I make
this recipe, it takes me back to Hong Kong. These are famous the world over,
sometimes made with pork and mushroom, but my favorite ones are with added
prawns and bamboo shoots.

 **Technique tip:** Dice the prawns roughly so that they cook at the same time
as the minced pork without being overcooked and still retain a juicy bite. To
ensure the dumplings don't open up, make sure you twist well and use water to
dab along the edges of the wonton wrapper so they stick to the filling. You
can trim off any excess wrapper with a pair of scissors.

 **Swap option:** You can use minced chicken or fish instead of pork.

 **Special equipment:** Bamboo steamer, steamer rack, wok, greaseproof paper,
wok lid, chopsticks and scissors.

## Preparation

 **For the siu mai:**

1.

Mix all the ingredients well (except the wonton wrapper) using your hands and
leave uncovered in the fridge for 30 minutes.

2.

Remove the mix from the fridge and remove any excess water. Using a pair of
chopsticks, mix the mixture in clockwise direction until sticky (this helps to
improve the texture and bind all the flavors together; you can also use your
hands).

3.

Place 2 teaspoons of the filling in the center of the wonton wrapper. Then
gather the sides of the wonton wrapper and mold the filling into a ball shape,
leaving the center unwrapped. Fold down any excess and, using a pair of
scissors, cut away any excess wonton wrapper. The siu mai should have a flat
bottom, open at the top, nipped at the waist and be filled to the top of the
wrapper.

4.

Place greaseproof paper on a steamer rack, place the dumplings on top of some
carrot slices, place rack in a wok halfway filled with water, place the wok
lid on top and steam on medium-high heat for about 10 to 12 minutes, until
cooked through.

 **For the vinegar-soy dressing:**

In a small bowl, add all the ingredients and stir well to combine.

 **To serve:**

Serve the steamed dumplings with vinegar-soy dressing or your favorite chile
sauce.

## Recipe Tags

ChineseComfort FoodEntertainingAppetizers

## More AppetizersSee All

### Spicy Mango Summer Rolls

##

### Grilled Shrimp Salad

##

### Potato Gratin-Stuffed Sweet Vidalia Onion with Chives

##

### Loaded Pork Skin Nachos

##

### Grilled Pineapple Salad with Peanut Dressing

##

### Barbecue Meatballs

##

### Cheeseburger Dip

##

### Chopped Cheese Tots

##

### Steak Sushi

##

### Mixed Greens Skillet Spanakopita

##

  * About
  * Contact
  * Help
  * Visit
  * TODAY Store
  * TODAY Apps
  * AD Choices
  * Privacy Policy
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Information
  * CA Notice
  * Terms of Service
  * Careers
  * Closed Captioning
  * TODAY Sitemap
  * Advertise

(C) 2022 NBC UNIVERSAL

NBC News LogoMSNBC LogoToday Logo

