https://holycowvegan.net/vegetable-kung-pao/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes
    * Latest
    * By Category
  * Indian Vegan Recipes
  * SUBSCRIBE
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Latest recipes
  * Browse by category
  * Indian Vegan Recipes
  * Subscribe
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Ã—

Home > Global Vegan Recipes > Vegan Chinese Recipes

# Vegetable Kung Pao

Posted: Nov 25, 2009 Â· Updated: Aug 16, 2021

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

Desi and I had our friend, Roshani, over for dinner the other night. Roshani's
a fan of Indo-Chinese cuisine, so picking out what I would cook for her was a
breeze. And it was also perfect because as you know this is Chinese month here
at Holy Cow! when we celebrate all food Chinese

Among the dishes I made were Vegetable Kung Pao which you are bound to find on
any Indo-Chinese restaurant menu. While Kung Pao is a dish originally from
China's Schizuan province, Indian cooks have for years now adapted it to suit
local tastes

I love cooking Chinese because it gives me a chance to add a plethora of
colorful, healthful vegetable to almost any recipe. Also, the strong, vibrant
flavors of all those sauces and vinegars and oils would, I think, make it
difficult even for a meat-eater to miss the meat.

One tip for Chinese cooking: try using vegetable stock in soups and any saucy
dishes because the stock adds a richer dimension and flavor to the final
result.

This is a short post on a busy day, but before I go I want to wish everyone a
very happy Thanksgiving, and hope yours will NOT include death and suffering
in the form of a cruelly slaughtered, stripped and stuffed turkey. This is a
time to be grateful for everything that's right in our world. Honestly, I
can't think of a better way to celebrate that than with a delicious vegetarian
or vegan meal that boosts health instead of weighing it down with cholesterol.

There are thousands of delicious options, and if you need more than what this
blog and dozens of other vegan blogs have to offer, you can check out the New
York Times which has been posting vegetarian options for Thanksgiving on its
Well blog. Martha Stewart recently did a show on a vegetarian thanksgiving.

Also, check out my vegan Thanksgiving feast with an Indian flavor from last
year.

And now for the Kung Pao. One note on this-- the recipe includes lot of heat
with three different kinds of chillies, so if you don't like your food hot,
feel free to leave out everything but the red chillies that go in at the
beginning of the recipe.

Enjoy, all!

## More vegan Indo-Chinese recipes

  * Vegetable Fried Rice
  * Chilli Tofu
  * Veg Manchurian
  * Garlic Fried Rice

## Vegetable Kung Pao

A delicious recipe from Indian-Chinese cuisine, this veg kung pao is packed
with colorful veggies in a savory sauce.

5 from 2 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Review Recipe

Course: Main

Cuisine: Indo-Chinese

Diet: Gluten Free, Vegan, Vegetarian

Keyword: Vegetable Kung Pao

Prep Time: 20 mins

Cook Time: 30 mins

Total Time: 50 mins

Servings: 4 servings

Calories: 231kcal

Author: Vaishali Â· Holy Cow! Vegan Recipes

### Ingredients

  * â–¢ 1 red onion , chopped
  * â–¢ 1 carrot , cut on a bias in thin discs
  * â–¢ 10-15 mushrooms , halved or quartered if large
  * â–¢ 1 small head broccoli , separate into florets. Peel the larger stems and cut them into discs.
  * â–¢ 2 green bell peppers , chopped, or any color
  * â–¢ 2 stalks celery , chopped
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with Â¼ cup water
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * â–¢ 2-3 red chili peppers , broken into 1-inch pieces
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoon garlic paste
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoon ginger paste
  * â–¢ Â¼ cup peanuts , toasted lightly on a skillet and then coarsely chopped
  * â–¢ 4-5 scallions , chopped
  * â–¢ Salt to taste

#### Mix in a bowl

  * â–¢ 2 cups vegetable stock  or water
  * â–¢ Â¼ cup soy sauce or more to taste
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon rice vinegar
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon sugar
  * â–¢ 1 -2 teaspoon Sriracha or any hot chili sauce
  * â–¢ 2-3 green chili peppers (optional, and only if you like a lot of heat)

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Heat the sesame oil in a wok or other large nonstick skillet.

  * Add the red chillies and saute for a minute or so until they start to darken.

  * Add the ginger and garlic pastes and saute for a few seconds.

  * Add the vegetables and stir-fry on high heat, stirring constantly, about 2-3 minutes or until the vegetables begin to soften.

  * Now add the stock-soy sauce mixture in and allow it to come to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer a couple of minutes or until the veggies are cooked but have a good bite to them. You don't want your vegetables to turn soft and mushy.

  * Add the peanuts and stir in. Now add the cornstarch-water mixture, one teaspoon at a time, until you have a sauce that's fairly thick. Do NOT add the cornstarch at once-- watch your recipe closely and add only as much as you need.

  * Check for salt and add if needed. Add the scallions and give it a quick stir. Turn off heat and serve hot.

### Recipe notes

Tip: It is important that all your vegetables be roughly the same size when
you chop them so they will cook evenly. Make those veggies that take a little
longer to cook, like carrots, a little smaller. You can use all kinds of
veggies here, including cabbage. You can also add some tofu, cut in cubes,
just before you add the cornstarch.

### Nutrition

Calories: 231kcal | Carbohydrates: 31g | Protein: 11g | Fat: 9g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Potassium: 1032mg | Fiber: 8g | Sugar: 12g | Vitamin A: 4242IU |
Vitamin C: 191mg | Calcium: 125mg | Iron: 3mg

Tried this recipe?Please leave a comment and recipe rating below!

Follow Holy Cow Vegan on Instagram

Â« Brown Rice Dosa

Mashed Orange Sweet Potatoes Â»

  *   *   *   * 

#### About Vaishali

 _  
Hi! I'm Vaishali, a journalist turned food blogger. At Holy Cow Vegan I share
easy, tasty recipes made with clean, wholesome ingredients that the entire
family can enjoy.

Leave this field empty if you're human:

### Try these recipes next

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Samaira

December 07, 2020 at 9:00 am

Hello Vaishali,

We follow your recipes a lot. But, in this particular recipe, you said to cut
the carrots small, but they are so quick to cook. Did you mean cut the cattors
big size?

Reply

    * Vaishali

December 07, 2020 at 10:09 am

Hi, I think carrots take a little longer than other veggies like, say,
peppers, or broccoli, so I'd advise cutting them fairly small so they cook at
the same time as the other veggies. ðŸ™‚

Reply

  2. Harj

April 18, 2015 at 1:19 am

YUM! I made this for dinner yesterday and it's DELICIOUS! First time I've made
Chinese food that I actually want to eat...thanks for the great recipe
Vaishali! Also, do you take requests? ðŸ™‚ If yes, then I would like to request
hot and sour soup please ðŸ™‚

Reply

  3. Indigo

August 28, 2014 at 10:28 pm

WOW! ! I was looking for a simple either Pad Thai or Kung Pao recipe for
dinner and I am completely blown away by this fabulous recipe!! LOVE IT!!!

Reply

  4. Debra

November 26, 2009 at 10:39 pm

Happy Thanksgiving!  
Debra @ Vegan Family Style  
ps check out the cookbook giveaway on my blog

Reply

  5. Gita

November 26, 2009 at 2:07 pm

Happy Thanksgiving Vaishali...kung pao looks delicious ðŸ™‚

Reply

  6. Parita

November 26, 2009 at 2:04 pm

Vegetable Kung Pao looks so inviting, love the choice of veggies vaishali!

Reply

  7. Uma

November 26, 2009 at 5:45 am

that's a delicious dish Vaishali! looks so nice.

Reply

  8. Cham

November 26, 2009 at 3:45 am

My son is great fan of non veg version! I will try this one too tasty!

Reply

  9. Zengirl

November 25, 2009 at 10:36 pm

I love indo-chinese food, this is great! Wishing you and other happy
thanksgiving!

We are having small gathering and doing Vegan feast.

Reply

  10. Priya

November 25, 2009 at 8:16 pm

Wow such a delectable dish..love this..

Reply

  11. Pavani

November 25, 2009 at 8:03 pm

Happy Thanksgiving to you too Vaishali. Veggie Kung Pao looks yumm.. Adding
seitan or tofu would be a great addition too.

Reply

  12. nithya at hungrydesi

November 25, 2009 at 6:44 pm

I love Kung Pao - this sounds great. The crunchiness of the celery and peanuts
is amazing!

Reply

### Leave a comment: Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name

Email

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Vaishali!** I cook, eat and share easy, tasty and nutritious plant-
based recipes from my Washington, D.C. kitchen, but I never fight a craving
for samosas or French fries.

More about me â†’

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Trending recipes

  * Cheesy Vegan Cauliflower Pasta Bake

  * Vegan Picadillo Tacos

  * Vegan Zucchini Pasta

  * Chickpea Rice

  * Vegan Mushroom Stroganoff

  * Mexican Tofu with Apricots, Chipotle and Tamarind

## Recipes to make now

  * Vegan Bean and Oats Burger

  * Spicy Vegan Black Bean Burgers

  * Grilled Corn Salad

  * Vegan Corn Fritters

  * Easy Pan Roasted Zucchini

  * Curry Roasted Eggplant

## How to make

  * Dosa Recipe | How to Make Perfect Dosai at Home

  * Easy Mushroom Stock

  * Sambar Powder (Sambar Masala)

  * Roti recipe. How to make the softest Roti/Chapati (step by step with video)

  * Healthy Whole Wheat Vegan Puff Pastry (1/2 the fat)

  * Easy Indian Curry Paste for Restaurant-Style Dishes

  * Vegan Mayo

  * How to Make Curry Powder

## Footer

* * *

## ABOUT HOLYCOWVEGAN

All Recipes  
Recipe Videos  
About Vaishali  
Privacy Policy

## VEGAN INDIAN RECIPES

Vegan Dal or Dahl Recipes  
Vegan Curry Recipes  
Indian Vegan Desserts

## VEGAN BAKING RECIPES

Vegan Bread Recipes  
Vegan Sourdough Recipes  
Vegan Cake Recipes  
Vegan Pie Recipes  
Vegan Cookie Recipes

* * *

As an Amazon associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Please read my full
disclosure here.

Â© 2022 Holy Cow Vegan

## Sharing is Caring

Help spread the word. You're awesome for doing it!

