https://wowitsveggie.com/kung-pao-vegetables/


Close

## Mobile Menu

Search this website

  * Home
  * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegan Basics
    * Vegan Breakfast
    * Vegan Starters
    * Vegan Entrees
    * Vegan Sides
    * Vegan Desserts
    * Vegan Soups And Salads
    * Vegan Sandwiches & Burgers
    * Vegan Sauces And Dressings
  * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Vegetarian Entrees
    * Vegetarian Starters
    * Vegetarian Desserts
  * Drinks
  * About Us
  * Contact Us
  * Search

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

  * Menu
  * Skip to right header navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to secondary navigation
  * Skip to primary sidebar

## Before Header

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

Wow, It's Veggie?!

Delicious food you won't believe is vegan and vegetarian!

  * Home
  * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegan Basics
    * Vegan Breakfast
    * Vegan Starters
    * Vegan Entrees
    * Vegan Sides
    * Vegan Desserts
    * Vegan Soups And Salads
    * Vegan Sandwiches & Burgers
    * Vegan Sauces And Dressings
  * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Vegetarian Entrees
    * Vegetarian Starters
    * Vegetarian Desserts
  * Drinks
  * About Us
  * Contact Us
  * Search

# 10-Minute Kung Pao Vegetables (Vegan)

You are here: Home / Vegan Entrees / 10-Minute Kung Pao Vegetables (Vegan)

May 23, 2020 //  by Victoria Yore//  1 Comment

171 shares

  *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

If you are new to making Kung Pao vegetables, you are in for a real treat!

Kung Pao vegetables are so easy to make and whip up in just 10 minutes. This
is the perfect weeknight dinner when you are in a rush and want something
healthy and satisfying.

A hallmark of Kung Pao dishes is their spicy nature. That is entirely the
point of the dish!

Personally, I am not a huge fan of spicy foods, I know I know, I am lousy and
weird! That being said, I loved this recipe and you can modify how spicy you
want it to taste!

These Kung Pao vegetables taste just great without the spiciness, so if you
don't love it, you can leave it off!

I just want everyone to be able to enjoy this dish with the heat to their
taste. This is the same method I use with my **Kung Pao Tofu** dish!

Just know that usually, most Kung Pao dishes are indeed served with hot sauce
or red pepper.

One of the best parts about making Kung Pao vegetables is the fact that you
can eat a bunch of hearty veggies for a colorful and healthy dish.

Of course, you can use whichever vegetables you have on hand as the most
important part is the Kung Pao sauce, but I recommend some hearty favorites in
this recipe.

## A Quick Note On The Veggies

Then making Kung Pao veggies, one thing to keep in mind is the size of the
vegetables.

You want your dish to cook evenly. Although you will only be stir frying for a
short time, you don't want one vegetable to overcook while another is
undercooked.

For example, you will want to roughly chop the mushrooms and bell peppers into
the same general size. They cook at around the same speed, with the bell
peppers taking slightly longer.

  *   * 

The cashews actually go in last, which will give crunch to the dish. If you
want to make nut-free Kung Pao vegetables, go ahead and leave out the cashews.

Otherwise, know that while you want the veggies to be stir fried and cooked,
the cashews will be a bit crunchier!

## How To Make Kung Pao Vegetables

Making Kung Pao vegetables has never been easier of healthier! This is a vegan
Kung Pao dish and if you leave out the cashews, it can be nut-free too.

This recipe for vegetable Kung Pao whips up in just 10 minutes and is hearty
and filling while being light on cholesterol and all the bad things you
shouldn't eat all the time!

First, you are going to want to make the Kung Pao sauce. You will combine your
soy sauce, rice vinegar, sugar, and ginger in a bowl.

If you want to add the heat to your dish, add in 1-2 tsp of chili sauce like
Sriracha to the Kung Pao sauce.

If you want a thicker Kung Pao vegetable sauce, go ahead and add a little
cornstarch.

I don't always have cornstarch or arrowroot on hand so this recipe is designed
to work without it. I just wanted to recommend a quick tip in the event you
want to add it yourself.

Next, prepare your vegetables.

In a large skillet or wok, heat sesame oil over medium heat. I highly
recommend NOT skipping the sesame oil as it really adds flavor and depth to
the vegan Kung Pao.

Stir fry your green beans, carrots, bell peppers, shiitake, and garlic until
soft. This usually takes about 2-3 minutes.

Then, add your cashews and green onions and stir into the pan until combined
and fragrant.

Season the entire mixture with crushed red pepper, if using, and stir to
combine.

Next, add the Kung Pao sauce that you prepared earlier and bring the entire
mixture to a simmer.

Continue to simmer and stir until the Kung Pao sauce has thickened. This
should take about 3-5 minutes.

Meanwhile, you can boil or prepare your rice while you are working on the Kung
Pao vegetables.

Once the sauce is thickened, serve over rice, which I do recommend preparing
slightly in advance or alongside this recipe to make things faster!

## How To Store And Reheat The Vegetable Kung Pao

The Kung Pao vegetables can be stored in an air-tight container in the fridge
for 3-4 days.

I do not recommend freezing them as fresh veggies that are in season work the
best.

In order to reheat, you are going to want to add the vegetable Kung Pao to a
skillet on medium heat and toss until warm.

You can also heat in the microwave, but it will not heat as evenly as doing it
on the stove.

If your Kung Pao sauce is too thick, I recommend reconstituting with a little
bit of broth, water, or extra soy sauce!

**Did You Try This Recipe?**

If so, I would love to keep in touch! I enjoy seeing photos and comments about
the recipes that you make! You can follow me on **Instagram** and I will
repost your goodies in my stories and comment on it too! Just tag me at
**@wowitsveggie** and hashtag **#wowitsveggie.** I can't wait to see what you
make!

Continue to Content

Yield: 4 Servings

## 10-Minute Kung Pao Vegetables

Print

This easy Kung Pao vegetable recipe is so delicious and flavorful! It cooks up
in just 10-minutes, making it the perfect meal when you are in a rush but
still want something healthy and filling.

**Prep Time** 3 minutes

**Cook Time** 7 minutes

**Total Time** 10 minutes

### Ingredients

  * 1 medium red bell pepper, diced 
  * 1 medium green bell pepper, diced 
  * 2 medium carrots, peeled and sliced 
  * 1 bunch green onion, cut 
  * 4 shiitake mushrooms, sliced (or mushrooms of your choice_ 
  * 1/3 cup green beans, chopped 
  * 1/2 cup cashews 
  * 1/2 cup soy sauce 
  * 1/3 rice vinegar 
  * 2 tablespoons brown sugar 
  * 2 tablespoons sesame oil 
  * 1 tablespoon ginger, minced 
  * 1/2 tablespoon garlic, minced 
  * 1-2 teaspoons chili paste such as sriracha 
  * Red pepper flakes to taste 

### Instructions

1\. Make Kung Pao Sauce: Combine soy sauce, rice vinegar, sriracha, ginger,
and sugar in a bowl. Stir to combine and set aside. Omit the sriracha or chili
paste if you don't want the Vegetable Kung Pao to be too spicy.

2\. Prepare your veggies. In a large skillet, heat sesame oil over medium
heat. stir fry green beans and carrots until they begin to soften. Add bell
peppers, shiitake, ginger and garlic. Shake red pepper flakes to taste. Omit
if you don't want the dish too spicy.

3\. Stir fry for about 2 minutes then add cashew and green onions.

4\. Now add Kung Pao Sauce and bring to simmer until the sauce has thickened.

5\. Remove and serve with rice.

  
  

(C) Victoria Yore

**Cuisine:** Asian-Inspired  / **Category:** Vegan Entrees

Category: Vegan Entrees, Vegan Recipes

Previous Post: « Easy Vegan Bolognese Sauce Recipe (Nut-Free)

Next Post: Best-Ever Vegan Bao Buns With Vegetables »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Margaret

June 29, 2022 at 10:44 am

This looks delicious. I do have a question about the ginger. I see it
mentioned twice in the instructions for the sauce and stir fry, but it appears
to only be mentioned once in the ingredient list. Could you please clarify?
Thank you.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### About Me:

Hello! I'm Victoria, a lifelong vegetarian and "sometimes" vegan. I live with
my mom who has been vegan since the 80's!

I'm going to be honest, I hate cooking but I love eating! These vegetarian and
vegan recipes are created with people like me in mind. Who love to eat hearty
and delicious food, but hate spending hours in the kitchen or searching for
weird ingredients!

I hope you enjoy these recipes that are so good that you won't believe they
are vegan or vegetarian!

### Search Wow, It's Veggie?!

Search this website

  * About Us
  * Contact Us
  * Wow It's Veggie Privacy Policy

## Site Footer

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

As an Amazon Associate, we earn from Qualifying Purchases.

In Loving Memory of Dad, Peter Yore, Who Loved Sweets <3

Copyright (C) 2022 Wow, It's Veggie?! · All Rights Reserved

Skip to Recipe

