https://loveandgoodstuff.com/kung-pao-vegetables/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipes
  * Subscribe
  * About
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest

  * search...

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * All Recipes
  * Contact
  * About
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Home \- Recipes \- Main Course

# Kung Pao Vegetables

Apr 7, 2021 · Modified: Apr 15, 2021 by Courtney · This post may contain
affiliate links · 1 Comment

50 shares

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Stir-fried vegetables are tossed in flavourful savoury yet sweet sauce then
served over rice in this quick and easy meatless dinner. A vegetarian take on
the classic takeout dish Kung Pao chicken, these kung pao vegetables just
minutes to prepare and are perfect for meatless nights!

If you are a fan of the flavours of Kung pao chicken you are going to love
these Kung Pao vegetables!

The sauce is the most perfect blend of savoury with a touch of sweetness and a
blast of umami. There is a list of ingredients to grab if you want to true
authentic flavour, but they are all fairly easy to find if you have an Asian
grocery store nearby. It's worth the trip, I promise!

This dish is great if you're craving some Kung Pao flavour but with a healthy
dose of vegetables. The whole thing comes together in about 20 minutes and
it's perfect for meatless nights.

## You're going to love this!

  * **Quick and Easy** \- this dish may have a few ingredients, but only a couple of quick steps. You can have dinner on the table in just about 20 minutes!
  *  **Versatile** \- This dish is easily adaptable to use whatever veggies you have hanging around. 
  * **Authentic flavor** \- This recipe uses authentic ingredients for the best flavour possible. I've noted substitutions, but for the best flavor try it with the ingredients as written - you won't regret it!

## Ingredients

  * **Vegetables** \- I used a mix of eggplant, broccoli, onion, red pepper, and snow peas, but you can use any of your favourite veggies.
  *  **Szechuan peppercorns** \- these have a distinct citrusy/spicy flavour and there isn't much of a substitute. You should be able to find them at your local Asian grocer, but you can omit if you can't find them or aren't fond of them.
  *  **Peanuts and green onion** \- flavourful garnishes for the top of the dish.
  *  **Dried red chili** \- Also available at your Asian grocer. If you can find them, you can substitute with a bit of any chili paste you have on hand. Use less though as the dried kind as less spicy.
  *  **Dark soy sauce** \- This has a richer, deeper flavour than regular soy sauce and brings a nice dark colour to the sauce.
  *  **Soy Sauce** \- regular soy sauce or tamari will do here.
  *  **Shaoxing wine** \- this is a Chinese cooking wine. If you can't find it, cooking sherry or any dry sherry will substitute just fine.
  *  **Black vinegar** \- this is a Chinese vinegar with a malty umani flavour. If you can't find it, malt vinegar would be a decent substitute.
  *  **Sugar** \- to add a touch of sweetness to balance the dish. As written in this recipe, this is a subtle flavour. If you prefer the sauce a bit sweeter, add more sugar.
  *  **Cornstarch** \- to thicken the sauce.

## How to make it

**Make the sauce.** In a small bowl, mix together the soy sauce, dark soy
sauce, black vinegar, Shaoxing wine, sugar, cornstarch and water to make the
sauce. Set the bowl aside for later.

**Toast the Szechuan peppercorns.** Heat a wok to high heat then add the
peppercorn. Stir them often as they toast for a minute or two, remove them and
grind them with a pestle and mortar then add them to the sauce.

**Stirfry the veggies.** Place the wok back on the burner and add a splash of
cooking oil. Add the broccoli, onion and eggplant and stir fry them for 2-3
minutes before adding the remainder of the veggies and stir-frying just until
they have brightened and heated through.

**Add the sauce.** Add the sauce to the wok and toss the veggies in it until
the sauce has thickened.

**Serve.** Serve over rice or noodles and garnish with peanuts and green
onion.

## Tips for the best Kung Pao Vegetables

  * **Use the authentic ingredients**. The flavour in this sauce that comes from using authentic ingredients is worth a trip to your local Asian grocer. I promise this sauce will rival your favourite takeout dish.
  *  **Don't overcook your stir-fry.** The vegetables should be crisp and not floppy. Cook the veggies on high just until they are fork tender and don't cook them in the sauce for too long. **If you swap vegetables** be sure to stirfry the harder longer cooking vegetables first before adding the softer and faster cooking vegetables so that the dish cooks evenly.

Are you on Pinterest? Follow me for more fresh and tasty recipe ideas.  
  
**Want to see more recipes like this??** Sign up for our newsletter to have
new recipes delivered to your inbox, follow us on Instagram, or like our
Facebook page.

## More Recipes You'll Love!

If you like these Kung Pao vegetables, you might want to check out some of our
other vegetarian stir fry recipes!

  * Moo Shu Vegetables

  * Vegetable Chow Mein

  * Spicy Black Bean Tofu and Eggplant

  * Vegan Singapore Noodles

**If you have made this recipe we’d love to see it! Tag us on Insta
@loveandgoodstuff.**  
 **Loved this? Don’t forget to rate it below!**

Print Recipe

5 from 1 vote

## Kung Pao Vegetables

A vegetarian adaptation of takeout classic Kung Pao chicken. Stirfried
vegetables are cooked in kung pao sauce and topped with chopped peanuts and
green onion.

Prep Time5 mins

Cook Time10 mins

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Diet: Vegan, Vegetarian

Servings: 4

Calories: 217kcal

Author: Courtney

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

1x2x3x

### Equipment

wok

mortar and pestle

### Ingredients

  * 1 teaspoon Szechuan peppercorns
  * 1⁄2  red pepper - sliced
  * 1 head broccoli - cut into florets
  * 1⁄2 onion - sliced
  * 1⁄2 eggplant - diced
  * 12 baby corn
  * 4 oz snow peas - ends trimmed
  * 2 Tablespoons chopped dried red chilis  - use more or less of this depending on how spicy you like it
  * ¼ cup chopped peanuts

#### sauce

  * 3 Tablespoons soy sauce
  * 2.5 Tablespoons dark soy sauce
  * 2 Tablespoons Chinese black vinegar
  * 2 Tablespoons Shaoxing wine - or cooking sherry
  * .5 Tablespoon sugar
  * 1 Tablespoon cornstarch
  * 1⁄2 cup water

### Instructions

  * Whisk together the sauce ingredients and set aside for later.

  * Lightly toast the szechuan peppercorns in a hot wok then grind with a pestle and mortar and add into the sauce.

  * Add a splash of cooking oil to a wok and heat over high heat. Add the broccoli, onion and eggplant and stir fry for a couple of minutes first before adding the remainder of the veggies and cooking until they are bright and heated through but still crisp.

  * Add the sauce to the wok and toss and stir until it thickens.

  * Serve over rice or noodles with chopped green onion and peanuts.

### Nutrition

Calories: 217kcalCarbohydrates: 32gProtein: 12gFat: 6gSaturated Fat: 1gSodium:
1441mgPotassium: 927mgFiber: 9gSugar: 11gVitamin A: 1837IUVitamin C:
176mgCalcium: 111mgIron: 3mg

* nutritional information is calculated by online tools and may not be 100% accurate.

Tried this recipe?Mention @loveandgoodstuff or tag #loveandgoodstuff!

« Pulled Pork Nachos

Taco Stuffed Peppers »

### About Courtney

I'm Courtney and I love great food!

Creating delicious meals, photographing them, and sharing them with friends
and family are some of my favourite joys ❤️  
More about Love & Good Stuff

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Alex says

April 11, 2021 at 12:56 am

We have always been a fan of the classic Kung Pao Chicken, so were very
excited to try your vegetarian version. It did not disappoint - packed full of
flavour and so easy to prepare!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### About

Hi! I'm Courtney and I love sharing delicious, wholesome food with you! Thank
you for stopping by Love & Good Stuff! Read More…

### Subscribe to our Newsletter!

### POPULAR RECIPES

## Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Lemon Tahini Sauce

## Vegetarian Miso Ramen

## Homemade Falafel

## Vegan Singapore Noodles

## Fattoush Salad with Chickpeas

## Italian Tomato Salad (Marinated Tomato Salad)

## Smoked Salmon Carbonara

## Pasta Fagioli - Pasta and Bean Soup

## Lentil Casserole

## Spicy Black Bean Tofu and Eggplant

## Black Bean Burrito Bowl

## Mushroom and Spinach Risotto { Instant Pot }

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact

_As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases._

Copyright © 2022 **Love & Good Stuff**

Fresh Recipes Weekly

Get our freshest recipes delivered straight to your inbox

Your information will *never* be shared or sold to a 3rd party.

