https://bluejeanchef.com/recipes/kung-pao-chicken-and-vegetables/


  * About
  * Recipes 

    *     * Recipes

    * Browse All
    * Cooking Methods
    * Stovetop & Oven
    * Air Fryer
    * Pressure Cooker
    * Slow Cooker
    * Sous Vide
    * No Bake
    * Grill
    * Courses
    * Sandwiches
    * Entrées
    * Side Dishes
    * Sauces
    * Desserts/Sweets
    * Beverages
    * Appetizers/Snacks
    * Soups
    * Salads
    * Collections
    * Quick and Easy
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Seafood
    * Pork
    * Vegetarian
    * Pasta
    * Vegan
    * Breakfast/Brunch
    * Gluten Free

  * Cooking School 

    *     * Cooking School

    * Browse All
    * The Basics
    * Recipe Round-Ups
    * Knife Skills
    * Egg Cookery
    * 7-Day Meal Planners
    * Meat & Poultry Skills
    * Fish & Seafood Skills
    * Vegetable Skills
    * Sauce Making
    * Ingredient Basics
    * Baking Skills
    * Prepping Skills
    * Entertaining Skills
    * Grains & Legumes
    * Cooking Methods
    * Air Fryer
    * Pressure Cooker
    * Slow Cooker
    * Sous Vide
    * Stovetop & Oven

  * Shop
  * Connect
  * Media
  * Privacy
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Join My List
  *     *     *     *     *     * 

Close Menu

  *   * About
  * Recipes

Close

Browse All Recipes

Featured Recipes

* * *

Stovetop & Oven Beet and Orange Salad

Grill Grilled Harissa Chicken

Cooking Methods

* * *

    * Stovetop & Oven
    * Air Fryer
    * Pressure Cooker
    * Slow Cooker
    * Sous Vide
    * No Bake
    * Grill

Courses

* * *

    * Sandwiches
    * Entrées
    * Side Dishes
    * Sauces
    * Desserts/Sweets
    * Beverages
    * Appetizers/Snacks
    * Soups
    * Salads

Collections

* * *

    * Quick and Easy
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Seafood
    * Pork
    * Vegetarian
    * Pasta
    * Vegan
    * Breakfast/Brunch
    * Gluten Free

  * Cooking School

Close

Browse All Cooking School

The Basics

* * *

    * Recipe Round-Ups
    * Knife Skills
    * Egg Cookery
    * 7-Day Meal Planners
    * Meat & Poultry Skills
    * Fish & Seafood Skills
    * Vegetable Skills
    * Sauce Making
    * Ingredient Basics
    * Baking Skills
    * Prepping Skills
    * Entertaining Skills
    * Grains & Legumes

Cooking Methods

* * *

    * Air Fryer
    * Pressure Cooker
    * Slow Cooker
    * Sous Vide
    * Stovetop & Oven

Recent Lessons

* * *

Recipe Round-Ups 12 Mouthwatering Burger Recipes

Recipe Round-Ups 15 Great Chicken Breast Recipes

  * Shop
  * Connect
  *     *     *     *     *     * 

  * Stovetop & Oven

# Kung Pao Chicken and Vegetables

Kung Pao Chicken does require a few Asian ingredients, but they are all good
ingredients to have on hand for other Asian recipes too. Make sure you do all
your prep for this recipe ahead of time because the actual cooking is super
quick.

Jump to Recipe (or scroll for photos and riveting information...)

  *   *   *   * 

Advertisement - Continue Below

Kung Pao Chicken is a spicy Chinese stir-fry with chicken, vegetables, chili
peppers and peanuts. You'll see it on all your favorite Chinese restaurant
menus, but it's pretty easy to make at home if you have all the ingredients.
Now, most of us living in North America won't _naturally_ have all these
ingredients on hand, but if you shop and make this once, you'll start to build
up your collection of Asian ingredients and will be able to pull this dish
(and other Chinese recipes) together in a jiffy the second time around.

Kung Pao Chicken originated in the Sichuan province of China, which is in the
southwest of the country. As a result, it always includes Sichuan peppercorns.
Sichuan pepper is a spice from the area that is in actuality not related to
the black peppercorn at all. Nor is it related to chili peppers. It's actually
the husk of the seed of a shrub called "prickly ash". The flavor of Sichuan
peppercorns is also not like that of black peppercorns or chili peppers. It
has a slightly lemony, floral flavor, but the most distinct feature of Sichuan
peppercorns is that it creates a numbing sensation in and around your mouth.
This sensation is, of course, temporary and is a result of certain molecules
naturally occurring in the spice. It's said that this numbing effect allows
the eater to better handle hot spice from chili peppers, but I'll leave that
up to you to decide. If you don't have (or can't find) Sichuan peppercorns,
you can try to substitute black peppercorns and some coriander seeds. You
won't be able to replicate the exact flavor or the numbing sensation, but the
black pepper and coriander is a good flavor stand-in.

Advertisement - Continue Below

Whenever you do see Sichuan peppercorns in a recipe, you'll probably also see
chili peppers. This recipe calls for dried red chili peppers and that leaves
you to decide what dried red chili pepper to use. Generally, the smaller the
pepper, the hotter it is in spice level, so let that be a guide to you.

Advertisement - Continue Below

You'll char dried chili peppers and Sichuan peppercorns in oil which will help
spread their heat and numbing sensation to everything else that comes in
contact with that oil - in other words, the whole dish.

Advertisement - Continue Below

Once you have your chicken marinated (you can do this while you prepare all
the other ingredients), the vegetables chopped and the sauce made, this dish
comes together very quickly because it is a true stir fry. Stir-frying is a
quick cooking method and key to this is high heat and action. Make sure you
pre-heat your wok (ideally) or large skillet before you add anything to it -
just a few minutes is enough. Then, a drizzle of oil followed immediately by
the first batch of chicken. Let the chicken sit in the oil for just a minute
before kicking into action. From then on, tossing the food regularly (not
constantly) is key to even cooking. Once everything - the chicken, the veg,
the sauce - is back in the hot pan you can toss the food to your heart's
content. Stir-frying is for the cook who wants to feel like they are doing
something all the time and it's a great way to practice your pan tossing
technique (it helps to have a hungry dog around to clean up after you if this
is new to you).

Advertisement - Continue Below

### Featured Recipe Techniques

#### More about the skills used in this recipe.

##### How to Cut a Bell Pepper

There's a super easy and tidy way to cut bell peppers without getting the
seeds all over your cutting board....View Technique

Prev  Next

##### How to Cook Basmati Rice

Basmati rice is named after a word that means "fragrance" and as its name
implies, it imparts a beautiful aroma...View Technique

Prev  Next

Advertisement - Continue Below

### Kung Pao Chicken and Vegetables

  *   *   *   * 

Nutrition Info Print Recipe

  * Prep Time: 15 m
  * Cook Time: 15 m
  * Marinating Time: 30 m
  * Total Time: 1 h
  * Servings: 

4

#### Ingredients

##### Marinade:

  * 2 teaspoons soy sauce 
  * 2 teaspoons Shaoxing wine or dry sherry 
  * 2 teaspoons cornstarch 

##### Sauce:

  * 2 tablespoons Shaoxing wine or rice wine vinegar 
  * 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar 
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce 
  * 1 inch fresh ginger grated 
  * 4 teaspoons sugar 
  * 2 teaspoon cornstarch 

##### Stir Fry:

  * 2 pounds skinless boneless chicken breast, cut into bite-sized pieces 
  * peanut or canola oil 
  * 8 to 10 dried red chili peppers 
  * 1 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns coarsely crushed 
  * 1 red bell pepper diced 
  * 1 green bell pepper diced 
  * 1 small zucchini diced 
  * 4 scallions sliced, white and green parts separated 
  * 4 ounces water chestnuts diced 
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil 
  * ⅓ cup unsalted roasted peanuts 

* * *

#### Instructions

  1. Combine the soy sauce, Shaoxing wine and cornstarch in a medium bowl. Add the chicken pieces and toss to coat them well. Marinate the chicken for at least 30 minutes.
  2. Make the sauce by whisking together the Shaoxing wine, balsamic vinegar, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, ginger, sugar and cornstarch. Set aside.
  3. Pre-heat a wok or large sauté pan over high heat. When the pan is hot, add a little peanut oil. Add half of the chicken pieces to the pan – be sure not to over-crowd. Let the chicken sit in the pan for one minute, then stir or toss the chicken to brown on all sides. Remove the chicken from pan and set it aside. Repeat with the remaining chicken and add it to the first batch.
  4. Add the dried chili peppers and Sichuan peppercorns to the hot pan. Stir-fry over medium-high heat for 1 minute to char the peppers. Push the charred peppers to the sides of the pan and add the red and green peppers. Stir-fry for a few minutes. Then add the zucchini and white parts of the scallions. Stir-fry all of the vegetables together until they start to soften slightly. Whisk the sauce again and add it to the pan, bringing it to a boil. Add the water chestnuts and return the cooked chicken to the pan, tossing everything together. Stir-fry for a few more minutes before adding the peanuts and sesame oil. Toss one last time.
  5. Serve over rice and top with the scallion greens.

Enjoy,

##### If you made this recipe, please add your comments and ratings below.

 **Hello! All photos and content are copyright protected.** Please do not use
our photos without prior written permission. If you've made this recipe and
would like to share it with your friends, please link back to Kung Pao Chicken
and Vegetables on Blue Jean Chef. Thank you!

Nutrition Facts

Kung Pao Chicken and Vegetables

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 352 Calories from Fat 117

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 13g **20%**

Saturated Fat 3g **15%**

 **Cholesterol** 118mg **39%**

 **Sodium** 739mg **31%**

 **Potassium** 791mg **23%**

 **Carbohydrates** 25g **8%**

Fiber 5g **20%**

Sugar 12g **13%**

 **Protein** 31g **62%**

**Vitamin A** 1580IU **32%**

 **Vitamin C** 73.6mg **89%**

 **Calcium** 58mg **6%**

 **Iron** 2.7mg **15%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Close Modal

Advertisement - Continue Below

#### Products Featured In This Recipe

  * Cookware Flat Bottomed Carbon Steel Wok

Shop Now

  * Cookware Round Bottomed Carbon Steel Wok

Shop Now

**Just a note …** You should know that we are a participant in affiliate sales
programs that allow us to earn a small commission for providing links to
affiliated sites. The products are sincerely recommended by us and don't cost
a penny more for you.

Advertisement - Continue Below

#### Recipes You Might Enjoy

Browse Recipes

  * Air Fryer Stir Fried Zoodles and Vegetables with Tofu 

  * Stovetop & Oven Korean BBQ Chicken Lettuce Wraps 

  * Stovetop & Oven Shrimp Fried Rice 

  * Air Fryer Sweet and Sour Pork 

Advertisement - Continue Below

### Comments (1)Post a Reply

  1. **Debbie Brown** says:

February 23, 2022 at 2:11 pm

This was a wonderful base for a recipe. I knew what I wanted to use and this
was the closest. Like all people added other vegetables, some more spices, and
used Sake.  
Now my other half loved this and asked if I could also put in pineapple and
even more crunch. This from a person who does not cook. It has taken me 27
years to finally learn to love different flavors and adventures in food.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

  *   * Connect
  * Media
  * Collaborate
  *     *     *     *     *     * 

Join My List Search

©2022 Blue Jean Chef / Privacy / Terms & Conditions / Site by They

#### Join My Insiders List

Want to become a Blue Jean Chef Insider? Join my list today to receive free
exclusive offers, fresh recipes, updates and much more from Blue Jean Chef.

First Name Your first name is required

Last Name Your last name is required

Email Address Your email address is required

Close Modal

#### Search the Site

Search

Close Modal

