https://food.ndtv.com/recipe-vegetable-chowmein-99157


menuarrow-downredditsnapchattwitterfacebookcommentsemailprintersearchbelltop-
nav

  * NDTV
  * हिंदी न्यूज़
  * BUSINESS
  * MOVIES
  * CRICKET
  * TECH
  * FOOD
  * CRYPTOnew
  * WEB STORIES
  * EDUCATION
  * AUTO
  * SWASTH
  * LIFESTYLE
  * HEALTH
  * SHOPPING
  * ART

Advertisement

Eng

  * Select Languages
  * हिंदी | Hindi

  * monsoon 2022 

    * Monsoon Low-Cal Diet
    * Monsoon Skin Care
    * Monsoon Drinks
    * Monsoon Snacks
    * Weight Loss

  * Features 

    * Food News
    * cooking Tips
    * Opinions
    * World Cuisine
    * Food & Drinks
    * Festivals
    * Restaurant Review
    * Facts
    * Best Recipes
    * Funny Side Up

  * Recipes 

    * Healthy Recipes
    * Snacks Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Meat Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Bread Recipes
    * Desserts
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Festivals
    * Kids Recipes
    * Winter Recipes
    * Breakfast Recipes
    * हिन्दी रेसिपीज़

  * Web Stories 
  * Recipe Videos 
  * Health 

    * Diabetes
    * Healthy Living
    * Yoga Benefits
    * Weight Loss
    * Fitness Tips
    * Quick Tips
    * Cholesterol Control
    * Heart Health
    * Ayurvedic Tips
    * Men's Health
    * Women's Health

  * Home Remedies 

Dark / Light mode

Search Recipes

Search

Vegetable Chowmein

facebook

twitter

reddit

Snapchat

Kooapp

Settings

  * Change Font Size 

AAA

  * Change Language 

हिंदी | Hindi

  * Focus on Story
  * 

RecipesCuisine Vegetable Chowmein

Story ProgressBack to home

# Vegetable Chowmein Recipe

  * Niru Gupta

  * Recipe in Hindi
  * Review 

  * Overview
  * Cook Time
  * Ingredients
  * Method
  * Notes

  *   * 

How To Make Vegetable Chowmien

 **About Vegetable Chowmein | Chowmein Recipe** : A Chinese stir-fried noodle
dish which is now a popular streetside food dish across the globe,
specifically in Asia. Being a popular dish across countries, Chow mein is made
in different ways with many different variations in different places, this one
here is the quickest and easiest chowmein recipe, made under 30 minutes. Serve
as a brunch or breakfast that kids would just love. You can also serve this as
an evening snack or a side for an oriental dinner.

 **Ingredients in Vegetable Chowmein Recipe** : Loaded with veggies and
spices, this recipe boasts of glossy noodles tossed with vegetables like onion
and celery along with all the classic condiments - soya sauce, celery, vinegar
and chilli sauce.

  * Total Cook Time 35 mins 

  * Prep Time 10 mins 

  * Cook Time 25 mins 

  * Recipe Servings4

  * Easy

###  **Ingredients of Vegetable Chowmein**

  * 200 gms fresh noodles
  * 5 cups water
  * 1 tsp salt
  * 2 tbsp oil
  * 1 tsp ginger garlic paste
  * 1 tsp chilli powder
  * 1/4 cup onion, sliced
  * 1/2 tsp soy sauce
  * 1 tsp salt
  * 1/4 cup celery, chopped
  * 1 tsp vinegar
  * 1 tsp chilli sauce
  * 1 cup green and red capsicum
  * 1 cup mushroom
  * 1 cup carrot, shredded
  * 1 green chillies, chopped
  * 1 tbsp tomato sauce
  * 1 tbsp spring onion
  * 1 tsp garlic, chopped
  * 1/2 tsp black pepper powder

## How to Make Vegetable Chowmein

HideShow Media

1.

Take water in a pan, add salt followed by olive oil and bring to boil.

2.

Add noodles and cook 'bite like' -- just blanch if fresh and cook longer if
dry.

3.

Drain immediately and cool under running water till noodles are thoroughly
cooled.

4.

Work 1 tablespoon of the oil into the noodles and leave in the colander till
required.

5.

Keep aside a small bowl of green chilli dipped in vinegar for garnishing.

6.

Now, heat some oil in a heavy bottom pan and stir- fry garlic, ginger garlic
paste and onions over high heat till onions are golden brown..

7.

Add celery and mushrooms followed by red and green capsicum along with carrot.
Stir well.

8.

Now add salt, black pepper powder, tomato sauce, chilli sauce, soy sauce and
vinegar to veggie mixture. Mix well.

9.

Add the noodles to this and stir well till it is thoroughly mixed.

10.

Garnish with red capsicum and pour the prepared green-chilli vinegar mix on
top.

11.

Serve hot.

Key Ingredients: fresh noodles, water, salt, ginger garlic paste, chilli
powder, onion, soy sauce, salt, celery, vinegar, chilli sauce, green and red
capsicum, mushroom, carrot, green chillies, tomato sauce, spring onion,
garlic, black pepper powder

#### Recipe Notes

Read about some of the best noodle recipes that you can try at home.

Watch the step by step recipe of Vegetable Chowmein here:

Tags:

  * Noodles
  * Oriental
  * Chowmein
  * Vegetarian
  * Lunch
  * Chinese
  * Snacks
  * Snacks For Kids
  * Kids Recipes
  * Vegetarian Recipes
  * Snacks Party

5

Share Recipe

Share Recipe

  * Facebook 
  * Twitter 
  * Reddit 
  * Snapchat 

### Related Recipes

  * Veg Hakka Noodles

  * Spicy Singapore Noodles

  * Vegetable Fried Rice

  * Vegetable Chopsuey

* * *

### Trending News

  * Genelia D'Souza Had A Sumptuous Tiramisu This Weekend

top-nav

Advertisement

Our Best Recipes

  * 15 Best Vegetarian Chinese Recipes| Easy Chinese Recipes

  * 17 Best Punjabi Recipes | Easy Punjabi Recipes

  * Top 17 Veg Recipes Under 30 Minutes | Quick Veg Recipes

  * 17 Best Vegetarian Dinner Recipes| 17 Easy Dinner Recipes

  * 15 Best Mushroom Recipes | Easy Mushroom Recipes

Advertisement

Advertisement

Trending Links

  * Weight Loss
  * Cooking Tips
  * Food News

Social Share

facebook

twitter

Instagram

Health

  * Weight Loss
  * Diabetes Diet
  * Keto Diet
  * Depression
  * Low Blood Pressure
  * Healthy Food
  * Digestion
  * Headaches

Beauty

  * Aloe Vera
  * Rose Water
  * Hair Growth
  * Dry Skin
  * Dandruff
  * Face Packs
  * Beauty Tips
  * Acne

Veg Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes
  * Salad Recipes
  * Paneer Recipes
  * Mushroom Recipes
  * Soya Recipes
  * Dal Recipes
  * Cabbage Recipes
  * Beetroot Recipes
  * Snacks Recipes

Summer Special

  * Summer Recipes
  * Summer Foods
  * Summer Drinks
  * Benefits of Curd
  * Skin Care Tips
  * Face Care Tips
  * Smoothie Recipe
  * Phirni Recipe

Indian Recipes

Chicken RecipesChicken CurryMutton RecipesBiryani RecipesButter ChickenDinner
RecipesBreakfast RecipesPav Bhaji

This website follows the DNPA Code of Ethics

© 2022. NDTV Convergence, All Rights Reserved.

  * Privacy Policy
  * About Us
  * Feedback
  * Author
  * Contact Us

Language

  * Select Languages
  * हिंदी | Hindi

Dark / Light mode

Search

  * Monsoon 2022

    * Monsoon Low-Cal Diet
    * Monsoon Skin Care
    * Monsoon Drinks
    * Monsoon Snacks
    * Weight Loss

  * Features

    * Recipes
    * Drinks Recipes
    * Features
    * Web Stories
    * Recipe Videos
    * Health
    * Home Remedies
    * Our Team
    * Nutritionists Speak
  * More from NDTV

    * NDTV
    * हिंदी न्यूज़
    * BUSINESS
    * MOVIES
    * CRICKET
    * TECH
    * FOOD
    * CRYPTO
    * WEB STORIES
    * EDUCATION
    * AUTO
    * SWASTH
    * LIFESTYLE
    * HEALTH
    * SHOPPING
    * ART

arrow-rgtarrow-nextarrow-upclosereddit-fillsnapchat-filltwitter-fillfacebook-
fillwhatsapp-fillsharecogstarbookzapleft-arrowbookmarkright-arrow

