https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/egg-noodles-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Egg Fried Noodles

Home >> Recipes >> Indo-Chinese Recipes

Byswasthi

55 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

A bowl of steaming hot Egg Fried Noodles is a pure comfort food and we all
love it. This recipe helps you make restaurant quality egg fried noodles at
home using pantry staples. This can easily satisfy your Chinese takeaway &
restaurant meal cravings for the weeknight dinner. Al dente cooked noodles
tossed with veggies, sauces and eggs is all what this dish is about.

* * *

Customize the dish further with the choice of your veggies and sauces to suit
your liking.

## About Egg Fried Noodles

Egg fried noodles are a delicious Chinese dish of stir fried noodles tossed
with umami sauces, nutrient rich veggies and protein-packed eggs. These are
quite popular in the Chinese fast food places, takeaways and fine dining
restaurants.

Stir fried noodles can be made to a vegetarian, eggetarian or meat dish. Egg
fried noodles is similar to the vegetable noodles except that eggs are added
here.

For this recipe usually Chinese noodles like egg noodles or hakka noodles are
used. They are easily available in the Asia stores or Indian grocery stores.
However you may use any kind of noodles including udon, soba or even
spaghetti.

A good bowl of noodles smell great, have a perfect al dente texture and taste
super delicious, with a bunch of flavors that range from umami to hot and
sour, all depending on the kind of sauces you use.

My recipe will teach you how to make a perfect bowl of egg fried noodles with
all the about features.

Veggies like spring onions, carrots, cabbage, green beans and bell peppers go
well in this. But you can always make your egg noodles using only spring
onions or onions and leave out the other veggies.

You may like to check  
 **Chicken noodles  
Hakka noodles  
Egg fried rice  
Veg noodles**

Advertisement

## How to Make Egg Noodles (Stepwise Photos)

### Cook Noodles

1\. Bring 8 cups water to a rolling boil in a large pot. Add 2 cakes of
noodles (2 servings) and cook till al dente. The noodles should have a bite to
them and not be overcooked.

2\. Drain them to a colander and rinse thoroughly under running water to
remove unwanted starch. This step also helps prevents the noodles from
clumping up.

3\. Set the colander aside. Add one tsp oil and toss the noodles to prevent
sticking.

While the noodles cook, prepare the veggies from the recipe card below.

### Make Egg Fried Noodles

4\. Pour 2 tablespoons oil to a wok or pan. When the oil turns hot, regulate
the flame to high. Add 1 to 2 slit green chilies (optional), onions (or white
spring onions) and 1 to 1½ tablespoon chopped garlic. Fry the garlic and
chillies for a minute, add bell pepper, green beans and carrots. If using
green onions, use only the whites. Reserve the greens for later. Fry till the
veggies turn slightly tender yet crunchy. Do not over cook.

I also love to add a star anise and a strand of mace.

5\. While the veggies fry, rinse a bowl and break the eggs into it. Check for
shells. If you want you may whisk them with a fork until frothy.

6\. Slide the veggies aside in the wok/pan. I reduce the heat/flame as much as
possible. Pour the eggs to the pan, but not on to the veggies.

Advertisement

7\. Lightly scramble them. Cook till soft set.

8\. Add 1 teaspoon vinegar (optional), 1 tablespoon soya sauce and ½ teaspoon
crushed pepper. Vinegar will take away the raw smell of eggs, so I prefer to
use. If you like to use chilli sauce, add it now.

9\. Add the noodles and sprinkle more black pepper and salt to taste.

Advertisement

10\. Toss well. Increase the flame to the highest and fry for about one to two
minutes. If you have chopped spring onions you can use them for garnishing.

Serve Egg fried noodles hot.

**Related Recipes**

### Chicken Noodles R...

### Hakka Noodles Rec...

### Egg fried rice

### Schezwan noodles

### Veg Noodles Recip...

### Chilli Garlic Noo...

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Egg Fried Noodles Recipe

Egg Fried Noodles are a classic dish from the Chinese cuisine, made in many
ways. This recipe will help you make restaurant quality Egg noodles with a
burst of flavors and deliciousness.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time2 minutes

Cook Time20 minutes

Total Time22 minutes

Servings2

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ 2 cakes noodles (serving 2)
  * ▢ 3 to 4 eggs
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons peanut oil (or any cooking oil)
  * ▢ 1 to 1½ tablespoon garlic cloves chopped finely, about 2 to 3 large
  * ▢ 2 to 3 green chilies slit (optional)
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon black pepper or white pepper crushed
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon rice vinegar (skip if you don't have)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soya sauce (adjust to taste)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon hot red chilli sauce (or any hot sauce, optional)

#### optional

  * ▢ 1 onion or 2 sprigs of spring onions chopped
  * ▢ ½ cup bell peppers chopped
  * ▢ 1 carrot  julienne
  * ▢ 4 to 6 French beans (green beans, optional)

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Boil Noodles

  * ▢

Bring 8 to 10 cups of water to a rolling boil in a large pot. Add the noodles
and let cook al dente, meaning fully cooked but the noodles should have a bite
to them. Follow the cook time from your pack of noodles. Mine takes about 3
mins.

  * ▢

Drain the noodles to a colander. I rinse mine under cold running water
following the manufacturers instructions.

#### Prepare Veggies

  * ▢

While the noodles cook, rinse and chop the veggies. Separate the greens and
the whites from the green onions while you chop.

  * ▢

Break the eggs in a rinsed bowl & scramble them with a fork until frothy. Set
aside.

#### How to Make Egg Fried Noodles

  * ▢

Heat a wok with oil. When the oil is hot enough, add the chopped garlic and
the spring onion whites. Let fry for 30 seconds.

  * ▢

Add carrots, bell peppers and green beans. Fry them on a high heat until
slightly tender yet crunchy.

  * ▢

Slide the veggies aside in the wok and reduce the heat. Pour the eggs.
Scramble them and cook till done but not overcooked.

  * ▢

Sprinkle salt and pepper. Pour the sauces and vinegar. Add the cooked noodles.

  * ▢

Stir fry the noodles just for a minute or so on the highest heat. Sprinkle
pepper.

  * ▢

Serve egg fried noodles while still hot.

Advertisement

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Egg Fried Noodles Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 305 Calories from Fat 189

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 21g **32%**

Saturated Fat 5g **31%**

Trans Fat 0.03g

Polyunsaturated Fat 6g

Monounsaturated Fat 9g

 **Cholesterol** 246mg **82%**

 **Sodium** 849mg **37%**

 **Potassium** 326mg **9%**

 **Carbohydrates** 20g **7%**

Fiber 4g **17%**

Sugar 10g **11%**

 **Protein** 11g **22%**

**Vitamin A** 1715IU **34%**

 **Vitamin C** 61mg **74%**

 **Calcium** 72mg **7%**

 **Iron** 2mg **11%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Beetroot Apple Smoothie - The best Beetroot Smoothie

NextContinue

Gongura chicken recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

55 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Kumar Raja

Can I add other veggies like beans cabbage like in veg noodles in this recipe?
I’ve tried your veg noodles recipe and it was great, so checking on this one.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Kumar Raja

Yes you can add. Thanks for trying the recipes.

Reply

Advertisement

Dr. Rajesh Bekal

Tried egg noodle. Followed step by step. Turned out awesome. You have
explained the recipe in a very simple and straight manner. My wife loved my
preparation. Will try out your other recipes too.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Dr. Rajesh Bekal

Hello Dr. Rajesh  
Glad to know! Thanks for leaving a comment

Reply

Leena Misra

  
Hello Swasthi : Nice e-meeting you.  
I prepared Egg noodles for my office lunch, very tasty and simple.  
Loved my cooking.  
Thanks dear

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Leena Misra

Hi Leena,  
Thank you! Glad to e-meet you as well!  
You are most welcome.  
Happy to know you could make tasty noodles. Thanks much for the comment!

Reply

bnoron

How many grams of 2 cakes of dry noodles?Please advice.Thank you dear so much
for your time and patience to answer everybody's question.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   bnoron

Welcome bnoron,  
I have stopped eating cake noodles since few years. This is a very old post so
mentioned as cakes. Currently I eat whole grain noodles which are not in cake
form. As per this, I think you can use about 120 to 140 grams of the noodles
in the above recipe. Pls adjust the quantity of sauce. if needed just add
more. Thanks for reading. Hope this helps.

Reply

Shikha

  
Very nice recipe of egg noodles. Love it simple and tasty

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Shikha

Thanks Shikha

Reply

Harika

  
Very tasty and easy recipe. My children loved it. Thank you for the recipe
Swasthi.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Harika

Welcome Harika  
Glad to know your kids loved it  
Thanks

Reply

selva

  
Like n eat more  
Good taste  
Thanx madam,  
Sema super dish

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   selva

Welcome Selva

Reply

Advertisement

rinu sarah

  
wow yaar… amazing… when my mom goes visit my naitive i used to cook for me n
my younger brother which tastes really really bad… after looking ur recipes
geez got lot more better… my brother s happy too… tnx to you swasthi…..

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   rinu sarah

Hi Rinu  
You are welcome.  
So glad to know the recipe helped you. Thanks for trying

Reply

Asha

  
Hi. Just tried this recipe. It was very easy to make and very tasty too. Loved
it.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Asha

Thanks for trying Asha

Reply

meghana gowda

i liked tihs resip so mauch bez its very testy

Reply

kahnu

awesome

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   kahnu

Thanks

Reply

suraksha

Thank you for this recipe

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   suraksha

welcome

Reply

Mubeeba

Nice

Reply

Advertisement

sadaf

  
Realllllyyyy awesome in my busy schedule

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   sadaf

thank you

Reply

sona

Good…………….

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   sona

Thank you

Reply

Sheela

  
Hi sisters, yesterday I tried this recipe It was very tasty and easy to
prepare. My son enjoyed.. thank you so much for sharing ur recipe.. may God
bless you and your family

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sheela

Hi Sheela  
Welcome and so glad to know your little one too enjoyed it. Thanks for the
feedback and the wishes.  
Have a lovely week ahead.

Reply

Shiyara

Swathi the noodles recipe is simply awesome. My kids really liked it.thank you
so much

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Shiyara

Welcome Shiyara,  
Happy to know kids loved it. Thanks for the feedback

Reply

A.Lalahari Sri Krishna

Its so yummy this noodles

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   A.Lalahari Sri Krishna

Thank you

Reply

M.vineela

hi …this recipe was really so tasty …try at home..

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   M.vineela

Thanks vineela

Reply

Advertisement

Anee

  
Tasty noodles recipe. Loved it to the core thanks

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Anee

Welcome Anee

Reply

krishna kiran

Was worse when i tried twice as per the instructions on the noodels pack.
Then, i thought that i couldn't do this better.

For a last try, i searched on google & found this page & tried your way.
Finally it worked.

Now im happy that i can do it again.

Thanks for your recipe & Thanks for your effort.

5star

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   krishna kiran

Welcome Krishna kiran. Iam glad the recipe worked

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

