https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236990/chef-johns-barbecue-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Meat and Poultry
  4. Chicken
  5. Whole Chicken Recipes
  6. Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

# Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.7

154 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 118 
  * 4 star values: 31 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 154 Ratings 
  * 113 Reviews 
  * 18 Photos 

When it comes to barbecued chicken, everyone wants that nice thick glaze of
sauce attached to the skin, and the only way to do it, is brush it on as it
cooks. Therein lies the problem. Because of the sugar content, it only takes a
minute for a barbecue sauce to go from brick-red to solid black. I just 'mark'
the chicken's vulnerable skin side, then cook it all the way through in a
closed grill, brushing on the glaze as it cooks.

Recipe by Chef John

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken Chef Louie

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken Gooie

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken Melinda Curtis

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken Andy Stefansson

\+ 14 14 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

40 mins

additional:

1 hr

total:

2 hrs

Servings:

6

Yield:

6 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 whole chicken, into halves 
  * ¼ cup rice vinegar 
  * 2 tablespoons barbeque sauce 
  * 2 cloves garlic, crushed 
  * 1 tablespoon salt 
  * 1 teaspoon ground black pepper 
  * 1 teaspoon paprika 
  * 1 teaspoon onion powder 
  * ½ teaspoon cayenne pepper 
  * ½ cup barbeque sauce, or as needed 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Cut 1/2-inch deep slashes in the skin-side of each chicken half; 2 cuts in
each breast, 2 in the thigh, and 1 on the leg; remove wing tips.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Whisk rice vinegar, barbeque sauce, and garlic together in large bowl. Place
chicken in bowl and turn to coat chicken in the marinade. Arrange chicken
halves, cut-side down, in the bottom of the marinade bowl, cover the bowl with
plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 1 hour.

  * Step 3

Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate.

  * Step 4

Remove chicken from bowl, pat chicken dry with paper towels, and discard
marinade. Place chicken halves, skin-side up, on a plate and season with salt,
pepper, paprika, onion powder, and cayenne pepper.

  * Step 5

Cook chicken, skin-side down, on the preheated grill for 3 to 4 minutes. Turn
chicken over, close the lid of the grill, and cook, basting with remaining
barbeque sauce ever 6 minutes, until no longer pink at the bone and the juices
run clear, about 35 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the
thickest part of the thigh, near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74
degrees C).

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

464 calories; protein 47.5g; carbohydrates 10.6g; fat 24.2g; cholesterol
149.4mg; sodium 1583.1mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (113)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Rachel Trimmings

Rating: 5 stars

10/04/2015

This turned out great! Only thing I changed was reduced the cayenne pepper by
1/2, and used all drumsticks. I am not comfortable grilling drumsticks, so I
baked mine at 425 degrees, seasoned, for 20 minutes. Brushed a thick layer of
bbq sauce, then continued baking 25 minutes. Chicken turned out with crispy
skin even under the barbecue sauce. The chicken was very tender--loved it!
Served alongside leftover "Summer Tomato Pie".

Read More

Helpful (48)

### Most helpful critical review

Robert

Rating: 1 stars

07/12/2017

This was one of the least imaginative dishes I've ever created. I served it
with creamy polenta and steamed broccoli. I think I'll pitch the leftovers
today. I can't even look at it. (And it wasn't cheap)

Read More

Helpful (3)

154 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 118 
  * 4 star values: 31 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Rachel Trimmings

Rating: 5 stars

10/04/2015

This turned out great! Only thing I changed was reduced the cayenne pepper by
1/2, and used all drumsticks. I am not comfortable grilling drumsticks, so I
baked mine at 425 degrees, seasoned, for 20 minutes. Brushed a thick layer of
bbq sauce, then continued baking 25 minutes. Chicken turned out with crispy
skin even under the barbecue sauce. The chicken was very tender--loved it!
Served alongside leftover "Summer Tomato Pie".

Sarah B.

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2014

Rack up another hit for Chef John! We woke up Memorial Day morning, looking
for a simple grilled bbq chicken recipe..... This Is It! Super-Simple and
Tasty. A Big Hit at our celebration. This recipe has definitely earned a spot
in the regular rotation. Thanks, Chef John!

Spunky Buddy

Rating: 4 stars

07/05/2015

The chicken was good, but preparing it with the marinade is more complicated
than necessary. Not sure the marinade contributed much, but if you are
concerned about burning the barbecue sauce the tip to baste the chicken with
it periodically is a good one.

April

Rating: 5 stars

08/14/2015

Best BBQ chicken ever! Even my daughter who says she dislikes BBQ chicken has
asked for this several times since I first made it. Followed the recipe
exactly but found the cooking time needed to be cut in half on a medium high
grill to produce perfect juicy chicken.

violetsabo

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2015

I made this as directed, except I didn't have any rice vinegar so I used the
red wine vinegar that I had. I took longer than 35 minutes, but it was the
juiciest grilled chicken I've ever made! I will make this again and again.

Franco

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2014

Really liked this and will use it again. Did it per the recipe and video other
than I used leg and thigh quarters. My only adjustment is I will make is to
cook the skin side down longer and at a slightly lower temp. I didnt cook it
long enough and then my fire was so hot that the bottom no-skin side burnt
even with no barbecue sauce applied. The part eaten was delicious and moist
and a different flavor that I attribute to the vinegar.

jenjj40

Rating: 5 stars

09/29/2015

I mixed the spices into the marinade. Turned out delicious.

tcasa

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2015

I saw this recipe in the magazine and made it one night on a whim when we lost
power for a week after a big storm. I used chicken quarters with the skin
removed and prepared it as described using sweet baby rays BBQ sauce. It was
amazing! Quick, easy to prepared and flavorful. I've made this 6 times since
that storm and family raves about it. Thank you chef John!

Amy P

Rating: 5 stars

04/01/2017

This was the best BBQ chicken recipe I have ever had. My son who is not a big
chicken fan raved about it and asked for seconds.

runningarestaurant

Rating: 4 stars

05/27/2014

Took quite a bit longer than 35 minutes but it was worth the wait.

Cher

Rating: 4 stars

06/03/2017

A bit of work but turned out really pretty good. I usually shy away from using
bbq sauce when grilling simply because it burns too quickly but no fear of
that any more. I made drumsticks and the cook time was not as long as required
in the recipe. Thermometer was key. Thanks Chef John for another great keeper.
Update: Prepared this recipe last night as directed using a whole chicken cut
in half. It was sensational. A lot of work with basting every 6 minutes. It is
extremely hot out right now so I was exhausted and sweaty by the time dinner
was ready. But such tasty chicken. Great recipe! Served with grilled italian
veggies from AR site.

Candie Johnson

Rating: 5 stars

10/26/2015

This has been my goto bbq chicken recipe/technique since I saw it a few years
back No need to change anything or change everything it’s the technique that
is stellar as well as Chef John and yes that was my question WWCJ do?

jean66

Rating: 5 stars

08/09/2015

Really good. To make a bit healthier, I removed the skin before the initial
marinade. Other than that, followed exactly. The best pieces were the chicken
thighs. I recommend using bone in (not boneless) thighs and removing the skin.
Mine were perfectly cooked in 22 minutes.

Audra Yvonne McGee

Rating: 4 stars

07/01/2016

This was great- only issue for me was the fact I have use a charcoal grill, so
it's a bit hard for me to gauge temperature. Other than a wee bit more black
on top then ideal, turned out perfect! Next time I'll make sure to only do 2
minutes on skin side.

RainbowJewels

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

09/21/2014

So finger-licking good! Made this on a whim at 9:00 p.m. and it was just
fantastic. I prepped this exactly as directed and it was perfect. Flavorful,
juicy, and exactly what you want in BBQ chicken. Loved it!

Dawn Klauke

Rating: 4 stars

05/23/2016

Love, love, love Chef John's recipes; I make quite a few. Doubled the spice
pack for the marinade, I have HAD it with flavorless BBQ! Lol! Turned out
great...so true about the burning of the sauce.

Jmoore10

Rating: 5 stars

10/23/2017

Finally! I think this was the first time i was able to grill bbq chicken that
didn't get charred black or taste like a dried out hockey puck! I used 4 skin-
on bone-in breasts and follwed.the recipe to a T except I had to double the
marinade to have enough for all 4 pieces. The chicken grilled up perfectly and
was and had a nice thick bbq glaze which was absolutely delicious. I served it
with double baked potatoes and mini honey corn bread muffins. I will never
grill bbq chicken any other way! Thanks for another winner, Chef John :)

newmexjags

Rating: 5 stars

07/03/2017

My husband is a master BBQ-er and he said that this was the best non-smoked
BBQ he had ever had! I left in the marinade overnight. The flavor went all
through the meat. Very juicy and delish! The seasoning mix is excellent. I was
afraid the cayenne would make it too hot for the kids but it only added
flavor. We used a grill mat to prevent burning. This is how we will make
grilled chicken from now on! Thank You Chef John!

2kids4me

Rating: 5 stars

03/30/2018

Love..Love..Love it! I used this with bone-in chicken thighs and a boneless
breast. It was delicious! My family demands a redo because there were no
leftovers. Can't wait to make this again.

Colleen Sawaya

Rating: 5 stars

07/03/2016

Very juicy chicken, done perfectly with just a hint of zip! I'll be making
this again, for sure!

Pat Nugent

Rating: 4 stars

05/26/2018

This is really grilled chicken not Bar-B-Que chicken but very tasty. Forget
the old adage, 'till the juices run clear'. Technology has come to far for
that wives tale. Many chicken recipes will run clear and the meat will not be
done. Trust the internal temp of 165 degrees internal because the chicken is
done when it is done. Use the time recommend to gage your side dishes not your
grilled recipes. The days of dried chicken and turkey are now over with a good
temp device.

KateDee816

Rating: 5 stars

07/10/2017

We thought the marinade did a great job of adding flavor and tenderizing. The
chicken tasted great! As for those concerned about what BBQ sauce to
use.....omg!.....use whatever BBQ sauce is your favorite! The brand of the
sauce doesn't matter...it's whatever you like...smoky? sweet? hickory
flavored? mesquite? whatever!

jeffrey carpenter

Rating: 5 stars

06/18/2016

Chef John you are a genius. This was the best barbeque chicken I have ever
had. I didn't have onion powder so I used garlic powder instead. Other than
that I made it just like you said to prepare it and it was delicious.

Joe

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2017

This recipe has a lot of heat. Just right for my taste, but others may find it
a little spicy. Easy on the cayenne.

Ed Dietrich

Rating: 5 stars

07/07/2017

Knocked this one out of the park. Easy to do, and delicious. Huge hit. I
actually whipped it up the night before, and the next day, as the grill was
preheating I placed them on the skewers. Thank you for share such a great and
easy recipe!

Robert

Rating: 1 stars

07/12/2017

This was one of the least imaginative dishes I've ever created. I served it
with creamy polenta and steamed broccoli. I think I'll pitch the leftovers
today. I can't even look at it. (And it wasn't cheap)

MAXINEHARRIS

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2015

I used chicken breast and it still turned out great!

Rick Pilot

Rating: 5 stars

07/11/2017

This was great as is. I thought I bought split chickens but it was split
breasts. But nonetheless great the whole family enjoyed it.

Judy

Rating: 2 stars

09/08/2016

Too salty and spicy for me.

Iloveit

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2016

REALLY REALLY GOOD I was pressed for time so 1 hour marinating was good .
Didn't even have time for cutting of meat before hand. Next time I will. Still
it was good. I did watch the video and followed it. All good advice and will
follow through out the summer. Flavour great. Really good opener to BarBQ
season. Beautiful day and dinner. Iloveit

Pepper

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2017

This was fantastic! Moist and very tasty.

Gene Bevard

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2017

This turned out perfect and was incredibly tender and moist. I will make it
again. BTW I used Sweet Baby Rays BBQ sauce

sandergm

Rating: 5 stars

08/21/2016

I made this according to the receipt. Used huge bone in, skin on chicken
breasts; halved. My wife said...this is really good. After a pause; Chef John?
I asked: - was it delicious? Yes. -was I looking at my iPad when I made it?
Yes. -is there an unusual depth of flavor? Yes. -did the boys eat up all the
rest, or pack it for work? They're not home. Check tomorrow morning....gone!
Yes, Chef John.

DAVID J

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2014

I cooked this for my wife and I, and we loved it. Simple, and really, really
good !

ingrid

Rating: 5 stars

07/18/2017

followed recipe and enjoyed a very good tasting bbq chicken! will definitely
be using this recipe again

bksmith

Rating: 5 stars

06/27/2017

This was excellent! I also have found difficulty not burning BBQ sauce on
direct heat so I saved basting for the end. 2 times in the last 10 minutes,
about 5 minutes apart. My family really enjoyed this recipe!

John Terruso

Rating: 4 stars

05/23/2016

Made this over the weekend. Had to go to the supermarket to buy more
cchicken.Everyone loved it and wanted more. Thanks chef john.

charm

Rating: 5 stars

04/21/2017

I used thighs instead of a whole chicken because we are not fans of the
breast. This was an excellent recipe and a great method for cooking, though my
thighs only took about 20 minutes.

Linda B

Rating: 5 stars

09/13/2016

Delicious as is! Family raved about the flavor. I use Sweet Baby Rays.

Cindy Kettle

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2017

Have made it several times. Everyone loves this recipe! I used lemon juice
instead of vinegar, which my husband doesn't like. It turned out perfectly!

Judyi333

Rating: 5 stars

08/04/2016

I made this for dinner last night and it is really a keeper. Very juicy and
great flavor. The only change I made to the recipe was to use skinless chicken
breast and it was great!

Chips

Rating: 5 stars

07/20/2017

I made this as directed. It was simple and delicious, chicken was very moist.
The dish was a hit with my guests and I will make it again.

BeachdwellerCali

Rating: 4 stars

08/22/2018

The marinade and dry rub worked well to keep the chicken extra juicy. I still
managed to burn the chicken but that was my fault, not the recipe's! But the
chicken was super juicy. A good basic recipe that doesn't require a ton of
prep time.

Lynn

Rating: 5 stars

07/20/2016

Marinating for an hour made this one of the juiciest chickens I've had from a
BBQ. I used chicken breasts, flattened. The flavors of the rub are awesome. I
made BBQ sauce for basting: BBQ sauce, soy sauce, red wine, horseradish
mustard. Will definitely add to favorites.

Kay

Rating: 5 stars

11/12/2017

I made this for my family and followed the recipe exactly and it was a hit.
This is now going on our meal rotation. Thanks again Chef John!

margieatk

Rating: 5 stars

05/03/2018

This is excellent. My husband, being the barbecuer in the family was hesitant
to follow "a recipe" but he did and it was very good. We added some pecan wood
to the coals.

Tami

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2017

I used all split chicken breasts (6) to have more meat. Very tender and
delicious!

Seth Turner

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2016

This was a great recipe like other reviewers, I marinated my chicken a ziploc
bag that way the marinate and chicken are learning to coexist. I didn't have
any onion powder but I did use the McCormick barbecue seasoning. The smell was
barbecue heavenly!

Art

Rating: 5 stars

07/10/2017

Came out very good. I use KC masterpiece original with a little Sriracha sauce
mixed into it for a little zap. Mix the Sriracha sauce to your taste in a bowl
to your taste prior to basting the sauce on the chicken.

mjw

Rating: 5 stars

06/08/2016

used chicken thighs w/skin and bone. Delicious! Flavorful and juicy.

Leslie Hall

Rating: 5 stars

05/31/2018

This is going to be my go to recipe for barbeque chicken, great flavor, very
easy. Made it for Memorial Day, everyone loved it. Used my favorite barbeque
sauce.

charm

Rating: 5 stars

04/21/2017

I used thighs instead of a whole chicken because we are not fans of the
breast. This was an excellent recipe and a great method for cooking, though my
thighs only took about 20 minutes.

Astrohip

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2018

Very good recipe, great flavor. As others have noted, it takes longer than the
recipe calls for. Almost an hour in my case. But very tender, moist chicken,
well worth the cook/wait. As long as the grill was fired up, I also cooked
asparagus and corn on the cob. Great combo!

maggiea

Rating: 4 stars

08/21/2017

I did make this bbq chicken. It was good, I left out the rice vinegar and used
a touch of balsamic instead. My hubby is not normally a fan of red bbq sauce,
he has his own that he makes from scratch for chicken. He did like this recipe
tho. I will most likely do it again, as Iiked it.

Leese

Rating: 5 stars

07/31/2016

This was the best bbq chicken I've ever had. I had intended to marinate for
just the one hour but people were stopping by and before I knew it 3 hours
past. Dinner was late but it was worth the wait. Very flavorful!

P MARK JOHNSON

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2016

This is a great way to have flavorful, moist non-burned Grilled chicken. I
followed the recipe twice now. Both came out great. You could marinate with
ever you want.

cjand

Rating: 5 stars

07/01/2016

Came out excellent after only marinating for 1 hour.....can't wait to taste
what marinating for longer will yield!

Tessa

Rating: 5 stars

08/31/2017

Best BBQ Chicken ever! No substitutions made. We even grill half chicken. It
was a hit with the family and we will make it again. We just started grilling
so it is nice to make something that turns out so well! Thanks Chef John.

KactusKelley

Rating: 5 stars

09/04/2018

I made this for a Labor Day cook out. This was the most amazing bbq chicken
ever! I used 5lbs of bone-in skin on thighs and Jack Daniels bbq sauce. I
served it with grilled corn, heirloom tomato salad, spicy potato salad, and
watermelon lemonade. All recipes on Allrecipes. Everyone loved it!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/16/2016

It came out a little blackened, but with the skin picked off it was
phenomenal. Incredibly juicy and flavorful. Will definitely try again, next
time on slightly lowered heat (this time I did medium-high, next time I'll do
medium).

Einron

Rating: 5 stars

07/18/2017

I added some chipotle sauce to give it a kick, otherwise I followed our Leader
Chef John. I will use this BBQ method for all my butterfly chicken grilling it
worked perfectly. Moist, tender, no charred skin, except some charring
underneath but great overall.

Paulyaman

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2016

I came out awesome for sure!! I cooked it about 10-15 min longer than the
recipe calls for which may have dried the chicken some but it was still a
great tasting dish.

Jack

Rating: 5 stars

11/05/2015

Another great recipe from my favorite chef.

CHEFKRISDI

Rating: 5 stars

07/26/2017

This was amazing. Will definitely make again! Thanks for the recipe.

JMS

Rating: 5 stars

05/31/2016

Chicken turned out delicious. Made it exactly as the recipe called and it was
crispy and had a delicious flavor. Kids loved it too!

Su-Z

Rating: 5 stars

08/11/2019

Excellent recipe. I used bone in chicken thighs with skin. Marinated for
several hours. After grilling the chicken for 4 minutes skin side down I
turned the grill down to medium/low to finish grilling for the remaining 30
minutes.

Mparks

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2015

Yummy and juicy

heiferrunner

Rating: 5 stars

03/20/2018

Baked 375 45-60 minutes

Love2Cook

Rating: 4 stars

03/13/2019

Another good Chef John chicken recipe. It doesn't get much easier than this. I
really appreciated the tip about turning the chicken only once. This recipe
made it on to my list of quick go-to chicken recipes.

Brian White

Rating: 5 stars

09/02/2017

Really good. I used a dozen chicken thighs so everything would cook at the
same rate. A little more time skin-side down at the beginning would have made
the skin crispier and less fatty.

Nancy Gilbert Shawn

Rating: 5 stars

08/21/2017

Family loved it. Made it exactly as written and it was wonderful.

LOUIS1000

Rating: 4 stars

05/23/2016

"beautiful colour" "just like Nandos" "you are a BBQ expert" "tasty and moist"
"when making, I added a few herbs and spices and it really gave the dish a
kick and a lift" "couldn't of asked for more" keep working on those cracking
dishes From Chef Louis

Susan Fain Joiner

Rating: 5 stars

07/31/2018

It was awesome!

Janet4ta

Rating: 5 stars

06/07/2015

Best Mac I have ever made. Added a 1/2 tsp mustard powder and a little chicken
bouillon to the white sauce for flavor. Also added 3 strips of cooked chopped
bacon and a few tbl Parmesan to add to homemade bread crump topping. Broiled
for 2 minutes for a crispy finish. Yum!

cookingguy

Rating: 5 stars

09/19/2017

Delicious. Used thighs because they stay moist and will all be done at the
same time.--makes BBQing for a crowd that much easier. Marinated over night.
Done over charcoal. Aluminum pan underneath to prevent flare-ups. Only basted
in the last few minutes because the sugar in BBQ sauces easily catches fire.
Used an instant read meat thermometer to make sure they were properly cooked.

Kara

Rating: 5 stars

07/31/2017

We hadn't made BBQ whole chickens (or half as in this case). It is the BEST we
have had and will continue to use this recipe as it is a real keeper in our
house!

Bryan Whitford

Rating: 5 stars

09/05/2016

Excellent, simple recipe. I used a grilling pack from my local market which
consisted of two breasts and four legs. I doubled the marinade yet the
original quantity would have been enough. Definitely make sure to cut slashed
in for the marinade as opposed to just poking holes. Depending on your grill
you may need to grill skin side down for more than four minutes to get the
char marks. I then turned the pieces and moved them to the indirect side
applying sauce at the suggested intervals. The end product was incredibly
moist and flavorful.

SZYQ1

Rating: 4 stars

06/30/2018

Overall, very good and simple to make. I used split chicken breasts and the
flavors were good, but I was longing for more bbq flavor to come through in
the actual meat. I'm not sure the marinade really contributes anything. Good
thing we don't typically eat the skin because it was totally charred. My
husband thinks he might have basted too much. But, the meat had some flavor to
it and was moist (used thermometers and removed meat at 165F). Will use this
recipe again though in the future. Thanks for the recipe!

Holly Keefer

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2019

I am a vegetarian so I simply substituted the meat for vegan "chicken" & put
the sauce on it. It was delicious & I used smoked paprika instead of regular &
put just a pinch of cayenne pepper since the kids were eating it. All but one
of us loved it!

Mimette

Rating: 3 stars

03/26/2019

Followed recipe exactly. Wanted to love it, but the chicken breasts were dry
and too salty. I will try again and hope to revise this up a star or two.

Sandy Cadra

Rating: 4 stars

09/06/2018

The flavor very good. My husband followed recipe very close. I’d like tips on
how to make the skin crispy when it’s basted with bbq sauce.

popandlocke

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2020

Since grill temps are highly variable, I’ve been having the most luck keeping
mine between 350 and 400. Rufus Teague’s Touch o Heat sauce has done wonders
for me. Perfect blend of heat and sugars.

Beverly McNulty

Rating: 5 stars

09/02/2019

Mercy sakes alive this was the best barbecue chicken ever. I have never had
success with barbecuing chicken until I tried this recipe. I followed recipe
exactly as written. Cooked to perfection. The meat was very moist throughout.
The rub had a nice kick without being overly hot or spicy. I used Sweet Baby
Rays original barbecue sauce. This is definitely a keeper. Thank you Chef
John.

Happy Cook 13

Rating: 4 stars

09/08/2017

Was a bit spicy for me. Will cut back on the peppers next time.

Melinda Curtis

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2020

My husband made this for dinner and it was amazing!! Best BBQ chicken I have
ever had by far! We used split chicken breast and Stubbs original BBQ sauce.
It’s a new family favorite.

Judy Clark

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2021

This was exceptionally good. We grilled it outside in 10 degree weather in
northern Minnesota- first time we tried this recipe- and it received great
compliments from our guests. Thank you Chef John

Bee

Rating: 5 stars

07/21/2022

Love this recipe! I think the addition of rice vinegar to the marinade, helps
elevate this (I confess that I haven't made this with rice vinegar, as I have
never had some on hand, So I've used red wine vinegar, or white wine vinegar),
whatever I have had on hand; Still turns out amazing. Everyone that I have
served this to has absolutely loved it.

Blanche Freeman

Rating: 5 stars

07/05/2019

No, didn't need to!

Teacherlinda

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2016

Made this last night for a party we had. We cooked 9 pounds so chicken thighs
and drumsticks for 13 people. Everybody raved about the marinade and sauce.
Although I thought we would have lots of leftovers, we do have some, just
enough for the picnic today. Cutting the chicken before marinating it really
helped the flavor and cooking time. The only problem we had was our barbecue.
It can't seem to get low enough to cook the chicken without burning it. Also,
our thighs were absolutely enormous and took much longer to cook through. I
will definitely make this again. My husband loved this and asked to make this
again for the next time we barbecue. Thanks for sharing!!

Foodie#1

Rating: 4 stars

04/10/2020

It was pretty good I would make it again I just think the whole process took
longer than necicary

RVizz

Rating: 5 stars

07/10/2017

Really good. Made it 3 nights in a row.

dancepederson

Rating: 4 stars

05/17/2018

Only change I made was,I used my broiler, when it came time to glaze.

dee

Rating: 5 stars

07/24/2020

Chicken was so moist & tender. I used bone in chicken breast and leg
quarters.I will definitely use this recipe again.

Regina

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2022

Simply delicious! We paired it with corn on the cob and had a small barbecue.
March 8, 2022.

SallyR

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2019

Best barbecued chicken I ever made.

Cindy

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2016

Next time, cook the skin side down longer & at slightly LOWER temp. The gas
grill was so hot... that the bottom side of the chicken burnt, even with no
BBQ sauce on. Can also use apple cider vinegar if out of rice vinegar. DOUBLE
the spices using half in the marinade and then the rest sprinkled on the
chicken before grilling. I liked thighs the best, using bone-in:) Note: really
good using bone-in chicken, but removing the skin before thew marinade and
then grilling.

Elaine

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2019

I used chicken breasts and marinated it overnight. It was excellent!!
Definitely a keeper

OhioWolverine

Rating: 5 stars

06/11/2019

Very tasty indeed and the marinade replaces my usual salt brining which is a
must with bone-in chicken.

Gail

Rating: 4 stars

06/16/2019

I used bone-in and skin-off chicken breasts (all I had) and they were really
juicy and good except for some reason we found them a little hot the first
night and we like heat. The second night was better. I baked them in the oven
instead of bbqing.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

##  All Reviews for Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 463.6  

% Daily Value *

protein:  47.5g  95 %

carbohydrates:  10.6g  3 %

dietary fiber:  0.5g  2 %

sugars:  7g

fat:  24.2g  37 %

saturated fat:  6.7g  34 %

cholesterol:  149.4mg  50 %

vitamin a iu:  604.8IU  12 %

niacin equivalents:  19.8mg  152 %

vitamin b6:  0.5mg  29 %

vitamin c:  1mg  2 %

folate:  11.3mcg  3 %

calcium:  34.2mg  3 %

iron:  2.5mg  14 %

magnesium:  41.8mg  15 %

potassium:  395.9mg  11 %

sodium:  1583.1mg  63 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  10 %

calories from fat:  218

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 113

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

1 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Chef Louie

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

2 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Gooie

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

3 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Melinda Curtis

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

4 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Andy Stefansson

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

5 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Daniel Gullion

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

6 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

terri

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

7 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Kay

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

8 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Rick Pilot

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

9 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Isabella Stienford

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

10 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

jeffrey carpenter

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

11 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Allrecipes Member

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

12 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

themoodyfoodie

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

13 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Chef John

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

14 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Allrecipes Magazine

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

15 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Esmee Williams

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

16 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Spunky Buddy

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

17 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Janet4ta

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

18 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

Mparks

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

19 of 18 Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

RainbowJewels

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Chef John's Barbecue Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Chef John's Barbecue Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

