https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/19625/indian-barbeque-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Indian
  6. Indian Barbeque Chicken

# Indian Barbeque Chicken

Rating: 4 stars 3.8

32 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 11 
  * 4 star values: 10 
  * 3 star values: 7 
  * 2 star values: 4 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 32 Ratings 
  * 27 Reviews 
  * 1 Photo 

Marinate the chicken overnight for a deliciously flavorful and tender chicken
dish. This is an adaptation of Tandoori style chicken, minus the red coloring.

Recipe by SHECOOKS2

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Indian Barbeque Chicken

Add Photo

Indian Barbeque Chicken Ashish Suman

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

45 mins

additional:

8 hrs

total:

9 hrs

Servings:

6

Yield:

6 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 3 pounds bone-in chicken pieces 
  * 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice 
  * 1 tablespoon meat tenderizer 
  * 2 cups plain yogurt, divided 
  * 3 tablespoons ground cumin 
  * 2 tablespoons ground coriander 
  * ⅓ cup chopped fresh cilantro 
  * 2 teaspoons paprika 
  * ½ teaspoon ground turmeric 
  * 2 teaspoons salt 
  * 1 teaspoon ground black pepper 
  * 6 cloves garlic, minced 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Make shallow crosswise slits in the meat of the chicken parts to help absorb
more flavor. Mix together the lemon juice and meat tenderizer; rub into the
chicken meat. Place chicken into a shallow dish.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Place 1/2 cup yogurt, cumin, coriander, cilantro, paprika, turmeric, salt,
pepper, and garlic into a blender or food processor, and blend until smooth.
Transfer to a bowl, and stir in remaining 1 1/2 cups of yogurt. Pour over the
chicken parts, cover, and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours,
or overnight.

  * Step 3

Preheat grill for medium heat.

  * Step 4

Lightly oil the grill grate. Remove chicken from the marinade, and discard any
remaining marinade. Grill chicken 30 to 45 minutes, turning frequently to
prevent burning, until juices run clear. Smaller pieces will finish cooking
first.

I Made It  Print

##  Note

The nutrition data for this recipe includes information for the full amount of
the marinade ingredients. Depending on marinating time, ingredients, cook
time, etc., the actual amount of the marinade consumed will vary.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

368 calories; protein 36.1g; carbohydrates 10.5g; fat 19.5g; cholesterol
101.9mg; sodium 1164.9mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (27)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

DAVISB

Rating: 5 stars

11/19/2003

Absolutely delicious! We didn't use the meat tenderizer and won't in the
future. We cut the salt down to 1 tsp. We also used 1/2 tsp cayenne pepper
instead of black pepper. Put it in a gallon sized ziplock bag with 5 lb. of
organic drumsticks and squeezed the air out, marinated for 6 hours, then
grilled it over a charcoal fire. A really nice recipe!

Read More

Helpful (35)

### Most helpful critical review

Jenwee99

Rating: 2 stars

02/26/2007

Maybe i should have brushed off some of the marinade but it tasted too much
like cumin. I was expecting to taste some of the other spices in the marinade,
but alls I could taste was cumin. The chicken was moist, but not what I was
expecting. I will not make this again.

Read More

Helpful (15)

32 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 11 
  * 4 star values: 10 
  * 3 star values: 7 
  * 2 star values: 4 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

DAVISB

Rating: 5 stars

11/19/2003

Absolutely delicious! We didn't use the meat tenderizer and won't in the
future. We cut the salt down to 1 tsp. We also used 1/2 tsp cayenne pepper
instead of black pepper. Put it in a gallon sized ziplock bag with 5 lb. of
organic drumsticks and squeezed the air out, marinated for 6 hours, then
grilled it over a charcoal fire. A really nice recipe!

flowersandcandy4me

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2003

Excellent! I used boneless skinless breasts for this. The chicken was tender
and flavorful. I do have one complaint...too much salt. I would cut the salt
by at least half, if not more. It didn't make the chicken too salty, it just
made the salt flavor overwhelm the other spices.

Cook to the max

Rating: 4 stars

08/12/2008

Almost identical to a recipe given me by an Indian friend. I omit the meat
tenderizer and use chicken thighs or goat meat(which is traditional). Re
marinating: 2 tips. Cut a slash into the chicken pieces, then use your hands
to smush the marinade into all crevices. Second tip: Put the chicken and
marinade into a ziplock bag for at least overnight in the fridge. I have also
frozen the chicken at this point, then thawed out at later time.

Jenwee99

Rating: 2 stars

02/26/2007

Maybe i should have brushed off some of the marinade but it tasted too much
like cumin. I was expecting to taste some of the other spices in the marinade,
but alls I could taste was cumin. The chicken was moist, but not what I was
expecting. I will not make this again.

JOANNAMULHALL

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2002

I made this for my family, and it was a hit. We eat alot of chicken, and get
tired of the same old things. Be sure to marinade as long as you can. I used
bone in breasts, tonight i'll trya it again with skinless boneless
breasts...delicious.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

11/19/2000

We were delighted to find a tandoori-like recipe so we could enjoy it at home.
It is wonderful. Just make it up the night before to allow enough marinade
time for the flavor to develop.

XMASRED

Rating: 5 stars

10/27/2003

Great recipe - Great dish! Five stars for certain! I cut up chicken thighs,
and marinated overnight in the refrigerator until dinner time the next day. I
threaded the chicken onto skewers with some onion chucks, and grilled them. We
LOVED the glorious Indian flavors that came through! Thanks much for the
recipe, Karen...

DEBMCE4

Rating: 4 stars

07/07/2002

It was a bit salty. I removed the chicken from the bones and served it in pita
bread with lettuce,tomato and caesar dressing. My husband thought it was
great.

KIMAR

Rating: 5 stars

04/10/2003

I reduced the salt down to 3/4 tablespoon and used bone-in thighs. It had a
delicious flavor, probably the closest to tandoori possible in a home kitchen!
It was cold and rainy outside, so I just baked it at 350 deg. for 1 hr.
Chicken was juicy. My husband loved it!! (I just noticed that the narrative
doesn't mention adding the black pepper or garlic and I, therefore, left them
out. Flavor was great nevertheless!!

BN61079

Rating: 4 stars

10/02/2005

Awesome- we cooked it on our charcoal grill after it had marinated about 24
hrs....very tasty and juicy.

GRANNY611

Rating: 5 stars

07/05/2005

frienda and familey was won over. Great with Grilled vegies.

BOOM642

Rating: 2 stars

06/19/2011

We live in a highly Indian populated area with access to some pretty good take
out, so this was unimpressive to us... with that said I haven't found a better
recipe yet.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

08/22/2005

Excellent! Big hit with everyone, even the pickiest guests and children loved
it. Mellow flavors, not overpowering. Very moist and tender. I put marinade
together day before, and added chicken evening before cooking. Doubled the
amount of chicken but had plenty of marinade. Will definitely make again!

Laura V.

Rating: 5 stars

01/03/2012

I was testing new cookware, so I used a completely different cooking method,
but I wanted a nice spice combination for a chicken to go with a curry potato
side. This was PERFECT. I omitted the yoghurt on account of allergies, rubbed
the chicken with lemon juice and followed with the spices. Absolutely
succulent flavor!

amber

Rating: 3 stars

09/30/2009

Delicious...I had to baked the chicken instead of grilling it becaue it
wouldn't stop raining in Atlanta and I just couldn't wait. Didn't use the meat
tenderizer. Don't like the stuff and just whisked ingriedents in a bowl. I
used Greek yogurt, that's all I had, I also used a Tandoori barbeque masala
from the local Indian market. Worked fine. Had most of the spices called for
in this recipe in the pack and what wasn't in there I just added. Personally,
I would have liked a little more spice, maybe a little chile powder. The skin
on the chicken was to die for...Excellent. I served it with Basmati Rice.
Can't wait to give it a try on the grill.

Terry

Rating: 2 stars

05/03/2009

I was sure excited to make this - a recipe right up my alley. The end result
was pretty disappointing, though. I think I'd remove the skin from the chicken
the next time - the flavour didn't make it past the cooking process. It sure
SMELLED good, though...

Jennifer

Rating: 5 stars

08/29/2007

Everyone loved it! Marinated overnight and all day the next day. The only
change I would make is not put all the stuff in a blender. A lot of the spices
stuck to the inside of the blender.

Kim

Rating: 4 stars

06/16/2009

Yummy! I made sure to marinate this a full 24 hours to maximize the flavors.
Didn't add the cilantro, family doesn't like that all. I even rubbed the paste
made before all the yogurt underneath the skin. Unfortunately, coals were not
warm enough and it didn't get as crispy as I wanted. But it was good and I
imagine when it is cooked over higher heat like it should, it'll be great!

munchkin429

Rating: 2 stars

08/22/2008

Edible but bland. Too much trouble for not enough flavor.

TBARVICH

Rating: 5 stars

09/11/2010

This was EASY and my friend from India loved it!

liscooks

Rating: 5 stars

02/23/2008

I thought this recipe tasted fabulous. The flavors were fantastic. I did not
have any meat tenderizer, but it didn't seem to need it. My only complaint was
that the chicken was an unappetizing bright yellow color with blackened
grilled stripes. I sprinked it with some paprika and chopped cilantro to try
to pretty it up, to not much success. The taste made up for it though.

alexis

Rating: 3 stars

10/22/2010

This recipe, I agree had too much salt. I made it verbatum using drumsticks
and thighs. Next time I would omit the tenderizer, decrease salt by half. I
would reserve some of the marinade as a dipping sauce, warmed up of course. We
grilled the chicken and it had nice carmelization and charred flavor from the
crunchies,

sandy

Rating: 3 stars

06/03/2006

The chicken turned out very tender and had an ok flavor, but the cumin was a
little overwhelming.

Flop

Rating: 5 stars

05/18/2013

EASY and DELICIOUS!!!!!!! I didn't use the meat tenderizer (don't have any),
cilantro (out of that, too) and the yogurt (to cut down on calories). I
broiled the chicken in the oven and it was still fantastic.

saleem

Rating: 4 stars

01/17/2015

Used the recipe for a barbeque and the chicken turned out just delicious. I
used the remaining marinade to keep the chicken moist while it cooked. Many
thanks for the lovely recipe!

Sally

Rating: 4 stars

06/28/2007

I really liked this recipe. Best on the BBQ grill.

NJSS2000

Rating: 3 stars

03/18/2001

Good but not a family favorite.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Indian Barbeque Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Indian Barbeque Chicken

##  All Reviews for Indian Barbeque Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Indian Barbeque Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 368.3  

% Daily Value *

protein:  36.1g  72 %

carbohydrates:  10.5g  3 %

dietary fiber:  1.6g  6 %

sugars:  6.1g

fat:  19.5g  30 %

saturated fat:  5.7g  28 %

cholesterol:  101.9mg  34 %

vitamin a iu:  761.9IU  15 %

niacin equivalents:  10.3mg  80 %

vitamin b6:  0.6mg  36 %

vitamin c:  7mg  12 %

folate:  19.2mcg  5 %

calcium:  216.2mg  22 %

iron:  4.4mg  25 %

magnesium:  60.2mg  22 %

potassium:  596.8mg  17 %

sodium:  1164.9mg  47 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  15 %

calories from fat:  175.3

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Indian Barbeque Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 27

Indian Barbeque Chicken

1 of 1 Indian Barbeque Chicken

Ashish Suman

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Indian Barbeque Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Indian Barbeque Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

