https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/indian-barbecue-chicken


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Indian Barbecue Chicken

# Indian Barbecue Chicken

Rating: 4 stars

1515 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 0 
  * 4 star values: 1515 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 1,515 Ratings 
  * 1 Review 

For this sweet and tangy chicken, Marcie Turney blends tamarind and other
Indian flavors into her molasses barbecue sauce.

Chef Marcie Turney

By Marcie Turney

September 2011

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Indian Barbecue Chicken

Credit: (C) John Kernick

## Recipe Summary

total:

35 mins

Yield:

4

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * Vegetable oil 
  * 1 medium onion, finely diced 
  * 3 garlic cloves, minced 
  * 3 tablespoons fresh ginger, minced 
  * 1 cup ketchup 
  * 1/3 cup distilled white vinegar 
  * 1/3 cup tamarind puree (see Note) 
  * 1/3 cup unsulphured molasses 
  * Pinch of sugar 
  * 3 tablespoons whole-grain mustard 
  * 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper 
  * 2 teaspoons garam masala 
  * Salt and freshly ground black pepper 
  * Four 6-ounce skinless, boneless chicken breast halves 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a skillet, heat 3 tablespoons of oil. Add the onion and cook over moderate
heat until translucent, 4 minutes. Add the garlic and ginger and cook until
fragrant. Add the ketchup, vinegar, tamarind, molasses, sugar, mustard and
cayenne and simmer over low heat, stirring, until reduced to 1 3/4 cups, 5
minutes. Stir in the garam masala and season with salt and black pepper.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Light a grill. Rub the chicken with oil and season with salt. Grill over
moderately high heat, turning once, until almost cooked, about 7 minutes.
Brush with the sauce and grill over low heat, brushing and turning, until
glazed, 4 minutes, then serve.

##  Notes

Tamarind puree is made from a sticky, sweet tropical fruit. It is available at
Indian and Latin markets.

##  Suggested Pairing

Juicy, full-bodied rose.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (1)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Anne Letourneau

Rating: Unrated

06/14/2020

This sauce is delicious. Definitely do this on the grill. You need the char
effect. Grilled zucchini on the side. Scrumptious.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Indian Barbecue Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Indian Barbecue Chicken

##  All Reviews for Indian Barbecue Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Indian Barbecue Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

