https://playswellwithbutter.com/grilled-bbq-chicken-recipe/


__

  * About
  * Everyday Dinners
  * Sunday Suppers
  * Meatless Monday
  * Staples
  * Grilling Recipes
  * All Recipes __
    * Mains
    * Sides
    * Appetizers
    * Desserts
    * Drinks & Cocktails
    * All Recipes
  * Lifestyle

  * About
  * Everyday Dinners
  * Sunday Suppers
  * Meatless Monday
  * Staples
  * Grilling Recipes
  * All Recipes __
    * Mains
    * Sides
    * Appetizers
    * Desserts
    * Drinks & Cocktails
    * All Recipes
  * Lifestyle

  * __Instagram
  *  __Facebook
  *  __Pinterest
  *  __Bloglovin

  *  __Search

Skip to content

__

  * About
  * Everyday Dinners
  * Sunday Suppers
  * Meatless Monday
  * Staples
  * Grilling Recipes
  * All Recipes __
    * Mains
    * Sides
    * Appetizers
    * Desserts
    * Drinks & Cocktails
    * All Recipes
  * Lifestyle

Plays Well With Butter

  * Home
  * About
  * contact

  * __Instagram
  *  __Facebook
  *  __Pinterest
  *  __Bloglovin

  *  __Search

Jump to Recipe

Pin for Later

  * Everyday Dinners
  * Sunday Suppers
  * Meatless Monday
  * Staples
  * Grilling Recipes
  * All Recipes __
    * Mains
    * Sides
    * Appetizers
    * Desserts
    * Drinks & Cocktails
    * All Recipes
    * Lifestyle
  * __Search

## Grilled BBQ Chicken (Barbecue Chicken Recipe)

10I 10 Ingredients or Less MP 10-Minute Meal Prep <60 60 Minutes or Less
(total) W Everyday Dinners PS Pantry Staples

Posted on May 20th, 2020 by Jess Larson

THIS POST MAY CONTAIN AFFILIATE SALES LINKS. PLEASE SEE MY FULL DISCLAIMER
POLICY FOR DETAILS.

Say hello to your newest go-to summer staple, the best Grilled BBQ Chicken
recipe! Barbecue chicken is totally classic but surprisingly difficult to do
the right way. This easy recipe utilizes a **quick BBQ chicken marinade** , a
**flavorful BBQ chicken dry rub** , & **indirect grilling** , yielding
**perfectly tender, juicy, & flavorful BBQ chicken every time**. The only
grilled barbecue chicken recipe you'll need from now on!

Our completely **FREE 5-Day Grilling Series** helps you feel confident behind
the grill all summer! Each lesson guides you through our **best Grilling 101
tips** **\+ recipes** so you can make **restaurant-worthy grilled faves** in
your backyard. Grilling doesn’t have to feel complicated or intimidating –
we’ll make it easy & show you how!

**_CLICK HERE_** & receive 5 grilling-packed emails + 15 BONUS recipes for go-
to grilling marinades. It’s about to be your best grilling season yet!

Jump to Recipe

Pin for Later

Featured In Grilling Series

**Prep:** 10 mins

**Cook:** 25 mins

**Serves:** 6-8

**THIS POST IS SPONSORED BY**  
ALDI, who I'm so excited to partner & share with you all throughout 2020. I'm
a lifelong ALDI fan, & with their amazing assortment of high-quality &
affordable products, ALDI is always my one-stop-shop during grilling season.
All thoughts & opinions are my own. 💜

this Recipe for Later!

Ahhhh, summertime.

Despite living in the Midwest my entire life, I was never really a summer
person until Chris & I moved to Minnesota 5 years ago. There's something about
living in one of the coldest, snowiest places in the country that'll make you
stop & _really_ appreciate a little sunshine, ya know?

During the summer months, Chris & I fall into the most _deliciously_ relaxed
routine (emphasis on delicious!), complete with quiet early morning walks by
the lakes, sunny days on the water, & summery evenings in our backyard
enjoying a grilled dinner & the warmth of the late sunset.

I look forward to it all year long. Pure bliss.

Even though we might be spending more time at home this summer (or, at least,
for the foreseeable future), I'll still be spending as much time as possible
outside, safely enjoying the warm weather & grilling up some of our favorite
summer staples.

When it comes to summer staples, grilled BBQ chicken is one of my favorites.
It's classic, it's simple, & it's always a crowd-pleaser (even if you're just
grilling for a crowd of 2 these days). Plus, when done right, it's pretty much
the perfect grilled food: juicy, smoky, & _deeelicious_.

That's the thing, though. You gotta do it the right way. Since grilled
barbecue chicken is so simple, it's surprisingly difficult to really
nail…until today, that is.

#### **Just in time for summer, the very best grilled BBQ chicken recipe!**

Grilled BBQ chicken can be tricky to master: chicken is notorious for drying
out & BBQ sauce can quickly turn into a sticky, burnt mess on the grill.

Lucky for you, that's _not_ the case with this recipe; you're in good hands
here! Following a few simple PWWB tips & tricks, you'll be cooking up the best
BBQ chicken on the grill all summer long.

This grilled barbecue chicken recipe is…

  * **JUICY.** Giving the chicken a quick brine before it hits the grill helps ensure it stays totally juicy & tender - no dried out barbecue chicken here! 
  * **SMOKY & FULL-FLAVORED.** This recipe starts with a simple brine & the most perfect dry rub, & is finished with your favorite BBQ sauce, creating grilled BBQ chicken that's seasoned & flavorful all the way through. 
  * **EASY.** Cooking with indirect heat means that the chicken practically grills itself. Very little hands-on time is required, making it perfect for both weekend cookouts & quick weeknight dinners all summer long. 
  * **AFFORDABLE.** You can get everything you need to make this grilled BBQ chicken - from the spices to amazing & high-quality chicken, to the best BBQ sauce ever - at ALDI! 

I've forever been a fan of their high-quality products (& those affordable
ALDI prices don't hurt either!). ALDI is my favorite place to shop always, but
especially during grilling season!

Juicy, smoky, flavorful, & easy…when it comes to BBQ chicken, I'm not sure it
gets better than that. ♡ Read on to learn more about this grilled barbecue
chicken, or jump straight to the recipe & get cookin'!

## **The best BBQ chicken calls for the simplest ingredients!**

The best thing about grilled BBQ chicken is the fact that you've likely got
everything you need to make it on hand at any point in time. Absolutely
necessary for any summer staple!

The cast of characters includes… ( _Note: full ingredients list & measurements
provided in the Recipe Card, below_):

  * **chicken** - You can use whatever chicken parts you love most for this BBQ chicken recipe: breasts, drumsticks, wings, leg quarters, thighs - it all works! Personally, I have a thing for chicken thighs; I think they're the tastiest, most flavorful & juicy part of the chicken. 
  * **beer** or **buttermilk** , used for a quick BBQ chicken marinade. Both are delicious in their own right. Beer lends an awesome funky flavor (the darker the beer, the better!), while buttermilk tenderizes the chicken. Use whatever you've got on hand or whatever you're in the mood for.
  *  **spices** , like **chili powder** , **cumin** , **garlic powder** , **mustard powder** , **onion powder** , & **smoked paprika** , which, when combined with a little bit of **brown sugar** , create the easiest & most delicious dry rub for chicken. I buy all my spices & staples at ALDI. They're super high quality, fragrant & full-flavored, & totally affordable. 
  * **BBQ sauce** - Use your fave! You can, of course, make your own BBQ sauce from scratch. With so many amazing bottled BBQ sauces out there, I always opt to just grab something from the store. The Burman's BBQ sauces at ALDI are my personal favorite. With a variety for each major BBQ region (Kansas City, Memphis, Texas, & Carolina), it's fun to pick & choose what you're in the mood for whenever you make grilled BBQ chicken. I always keep a bottle of each stocked in my pantry.

#### **What 's the best chicken to use for grilled barbecue chicken?**

Before we talk through the "how-to," let's chat chicken for a second. **The
best chicken parts to use for BBQ chicken is whatever parts you love most.**
Seriously!

This grilled barbecue chicken recipe will work great with chicken breasts,
chicken thighs, drumsticks, leg quarters, & chicken wings - whatever you love
most! I'm especially partial to chicken thighs, which is why you see them
pictured in this post.

That said, **a couple of quick notes:**

  * _**Bone-in vs boneless chicken:** _If possible, I strongly suggest using bone-in chicken parts, as they tend to be more flavorful & juicy than boneless.
  *  _ **Skin-on vs skinless:** _Whether you leave the chicken skin on is up to you. Removing the skin from your chicken will yield what you likely think of when you think of grilled BBQ chicken: a chicken piece coated in layers of BBQ sauce. Because this grilled barbecue chicken recipe involves a dry rub & the chicken skin gets perfectly crisp on the grill, I also like making some pieces with the skin still on. The chicken skin will soak up the sauce pretty quickly, so it's best to only add BBQ sauce to the skin-on side just as you serve it. (Soggy, saucy chicken skin is no good!)

## How to grill BBQ chicken:

Grilling BBQ chicken is really simple, but doing it the _right_ way requires a
little bit of technique. This recipe utilizes a **quick brine** , a
**flavorful dry rub** , & **indirect grilling** , a simple combination that
yields perfectly tender, juicy, & flavorful BBQ chicken every time. You'll be
making the absolute best BBQ chicken on the grill in no time!

_Note: full Recipe Directions are provided in the Recipe Card, below._

#### #1 - Start with an easy grilled BBQ chicken marinade.

Before you panic about the need to mix up a complicated marinade for your
chicken, let me assure you we're keeping things _really_ minimal here. This
grilled BBQ chicken marinade is actually a simple brine!

Because chicken is pretty lean, marinating or brining it before you barbecue
it is key. A quick brine will help ensure your grilled barbecue chicken stays
totally juicy & doesn't dry out on the grill.

**2 brine options:**

  * **Beer brine:** Even if you're not a beer lover (I'm not either), soaking chicken in beer adds an incredibly rich, deep flavor to the chicken. It's my favorite grilled chicken trick. For best flavor, use a full-bodied, dry & hoppy beer, such as an IPA. 
  * **Buttermilk brine:** If beer isn't your thing (totally get it!), you can use buttermilk, which is totally classic & has the added benefit of tenderizing the chicken. If you don't have buttermilk on hand, you can DIY it by adding a splash of vinegar or lemon juice to regular ol' milk. 

**You can brine your chicken for up to 3 days in the fridge, but if you only
have 15 minutes before dinner needs to get on the grill, please don 't skip
this step**. Even the quickest brine will make a difference!

#### #2 - Layer on the best grilled BBQ chicken rub.

My go-to BBQ chicken rub is so simple to make with pantry spices, & it's
filled with flavor. It takes less than 5 minutes to mix up. You'll want to
grill with it all summer long!

Chili powder, paprika, & cumin add rich, smokiness, while garlic powder, onion
powder & mustard powder provide nice aromatics & the littlest bit of brown
sugar adds the perfect kiss of sweetness.

I always suggest making a double or triple batch. It's great on grilled
chicken, of course, but it's also awesome on pork, steaks, or sprinkled on
burgers. It's an all-purpose dry rub that you'll turn to time & time again!

#### **#3 - Get grilling!**

Now for the fun part - grilling up your chicken!

The secret to perfectly cooked, juicy & tender grilled BBQ chicken lies in
zone grilling. By creating 2 zones of heat on your grill, you can cook your
chicken with really gentle, steady **indirect heat** before finishing it over
strong **direct heat**. The result? Grilled BBQ chicken that's perfectly juicy
& tender through the middle, with the best crispy & charred exterior.

If you've never grilled with indirect heat before, don't panic. It's the
simplest thing.

  * **BBQ chicken on a gas grill with zone grilling** - Prepare your gas grill for indirect cooking, by turning 1-2 burners of your grill on to their highest setting & leaving the remaining 1-2 burners of your grill shut off completely. This creates a zone of direct heat (directly over the burner flames) & a zone of indirect heat (the area of the grill where the burners are shut off).
  *  **BBQ chicken on a charcoal grill with zone grilling** - Prepare your charcoal grill for indirect cooking, by lighting charcoal and arranging it on just one side of your grill. This creates a zone of direct heat (directly over the hot charcoal) & a zone of indirect heat (the area of the grill where there's no charcoal).

If you're still unsure about zone grilling, check out this post for more
information!

#### **Grilling BBQ Chicken:**

  * **Cook with indirect heat first:  **Place the seasoned chicken on the indirect side of the grill (skin side up, if using skin-on chicken), as close to the fire as possible without being over the direct heat. Rotate the chicken 180 degrees every 15 minutes, & continue to cook until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the chicken (without hitting the bone) registers a temperature of 150 degrees F. 
  * **Finish over direct heat:  **Move the chicken over direct heat to finish cooking. If using skin-on pieces, flip the chicken so the skin-side is down, which will help it get super crispy & charred. Baste the chicken with your BBQ sauce of choice. Let the chicken cook for 2 minutes, then flip it, baste it with more sauce, & cook for 2 minutes more *****. Repeat 2-3 times, until your chicken is as charred & saucy as desired, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the chicken (without hitting the bone) registers a temperature of 160 degrees F. Carryover heat will cause the internal temperature to continue to rise to a safe 165 degrees F as the chicken rests for 5-10 minutes before serving. ( ***Quick note** : If using skin-on chicken, I suggest not basting the skin side with BBQ sauce so it stays keep it nice & crisp.)

#### **BBQ chicken grill time** :

How long to grill BBQ chicken depends on the temperature of your grill & the
size of your chicken pieces. The best way to ensure your chicken is cooked
through is to use an instant-read thermometer.

**BBQ Chicken Grill Time Guidelines:**

  * **Grilled BBQ Chicken Breasts:** For boneless, skinless chicken breasts, begin checking for doneness after 10-15 minutes. For bone-in chicken breasts, begin checking for doneness after 20-25 minutes. 
  * **Grilled BBQ Chicken Thighs:** For boneless, skinless chicken thighs, begin checking for doneness after 10-12 minutes. For bone-in chicken thighs, begin checking for doneness after 15-20 minutes. 
  * **Grilled BBQ Chicken Drumsticks:** Begin checking for doneness after 15-20 minutes. 
  * **Grilled BBQ Chicken Leg Quarters:** Begin checking for doneness after 15-20 minutes. 

Because we use 2-zone grilling, there are 3 internal temperatures you want to
check for when you make this grilled barbecue chicken recipe: move the chicken
from indirect to direct heat once its internal temperature is 150 degrees F,
then pull the chicken from the grill once its internal temperature is 160
degrees F. Let the chicken rest for 5-10 minutes before serving; carryover
heat will cause the internal temperature to continue to rise to a safe 165
degrees F as the chicken rests.

#### *More Grilling Tips & Tricks

Grilling doesn't have to be complicated or intimidating, we'll show you how!

We've created a completely **FREE 5 Day Grilling Series** dedicated to help
you be your most confident self behind the grill this summer. We'll guide you
through Grilling 101 Tips & Tricks (& as a bonus, we'll send you our BONUS 15
Grilling Marinades download right away!). **Sign up now!**

Let's make this your best grilling season yet! 🙌🏼 🔥

## **The best part: serving! What goes with BBQ chicken:**

When it comes to side dishes for grilled barbecue chicken, I like to keep
things super classic. A few of my faves:

  * Ready-Made **Classic Potato Salad** , **Coleslaw** , & **Macaroni Salad** are all available at ALDI - my favorite summertime shortcut!
  *  **Pasta salad** - Pure summertime food! Try this **Sundried Tomato Pasta Salad** or this **Creamy Southwest Pasta Salad** - they're both always a hit. 
  * **Grilled veggies** - No summer plate is complete without some grilled veggies. Grill up some corn on the cob, peppers & onions, or sweet potatoes! 
  * **Panzanella** - Another one of my summertime favorites. **This recipe** is perfect since you'll already have the grill fired up for your BBQ chicken.

**My ideal plate?** A Grilled BBQ Chicken Bowl! Dice up your chicken & serve
it over greens & quinoa, with grilled veggies, a little sharp cheddar, & some
**guac** for good measure. Weeknight dinner perfection!

I can't wait for you to try this **Grilled Barbecue Chicken recipe**. It's so
classic, totally easy, & I'm certain that it'll be a staple at your house once
you master it this summer!

If you do give it a try, be sure to let me know! **Leave a comment with a star
rating below**. You can also **snap a photo & tag @playswellwithbutter on
Instagram**. I LOVE hearing about & seeing your PWWB creations! Happy cooking!
♡

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Grilled BBQ Chicken (Barbecue Chicken Recipe)

★★★★★ 4.9 from 16 reviews

  * Author: Jess Larson | Plays Well With Butter
  * Prep Time: 10 minutes
  * Cook Time: 25 minutes
  * Total Time: 12 hours (includes inactive time)
  * Yield: serves 6-8 1x
  * Category: Main Dishes, Chicken Recipes
  * Method: Grilling & Smoking
  * Cuisine: American

Print Recipe

Pin for Later

* * *

### Description

Say hello to your newest go-to summer staple, the best Grilled BBQ Chicken
recipe! This easy recipe utilizes a quick BBQ chicken marinade, a flavorful
BBQ chicken dry rub, & indirect grilling, yielding perfectly tender, juicy, &
flavorful BBQ chicken every time. The only grilled barbecue chicken recipe
you'll need from now on!

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 1 4-5-pound package **bone-in chicken thighs** from ALDI (see Recipe Notes)
  * **kosher salt** , to season
  * 2 cups **Burman 's BBQ sauce** of choice (found at ALDI)
  * _for serving, as desired_ : extra Burman's BBQ sauce of choice, freshly snipped chives, grilled corn, potato salad, macaroni salad, coleslaw, cornbread, etc.

_**for the grilled BBQ chicken marinade/brine:**_

  * 1 16-ounce **beer of choice  **(see Recipe Notes)
  * 1 tablespoon **kosher salt**

_**for the grilled BBQ chicken dry rub:**_

  * 3 tablespoons firmly packed **brown sugar**
  * 1 1/2 teaspoons **chili powder**
  * 1 1/2 teaspoons **ground cumin**
  * 1 1/2 teaspoons **garlic powder**
  * 1 1/2 teaspoons **mustard powder**
  * 1 1/2 teaspoons **onion powder**
  * 1 1/2 teaspoons **smoked paprika**
  * 1/2 teaspoon **ground black pepper**
  * _optional: 1/8-1/4 teaspoon **cayenne pepper**_

* * *

### Instructions

**PREP:**

  * **Chicken:** If you'd like to make BBQ chicken without the skin, tear the skin off of each chicken thigh. If you'd like to make skin-on BBQ chicken, simply trim off any excess skin or fat.
  * **Dry rub:  **Add all listed ingredients to a small bowl or jar. Stir to combine. Set aside, or store on your spice rack in an airtight container for up to 2 months. 

**Grilled BBQ Chicken:**

  1. **Brine the chicken:  **Add the beer (or buttermilk) to a large bowl or ziptop bag. Add in the kosher salt and stir to combine. Add the chicken, submerging all the parts in the beer mixture. Set aside to brine for at least 20 minutes or up to 2 days. If brining longer than 1 hour, be sure to store the chicken in the brine in an airtight container or ziptop bag in the refrigerator. If I have the time, I usually try to brine for at least 12 hours. 
  2. **Preheat the grill:** Prepare your grill for indirect cooking, creating a zone of direct high heat & a second zone of indirect heat. If using a gas grill, begin preheating at least 15 minutes before grilling. If using charcoal, light the charcoal at least 30 minutes prior to grilling. (To learn more about zone grilling, be sure to check out this post.)
  3. **Season the chicken:  **Once the grill is hot, remove the chicken from the brine, patting off any excess moisture with a paper towel. Season generously with salt & the BBQ chicken dry rub. If using skin-on chicken, work your fingers under the skin to season both sides of the skin. 
  4. **Grill the barbecue chicken:  **Place the seasoned chicken on the indirect side of the grill (skin side up, if using skin-on chicken), as close to the fire as possible without being over the direct heat. Cook the chicken, rotating the pieces 180 degrees every 15 minutes, until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the chicken (without hitting the bone) registers a temperature of 150 degrees F. Depending on the size of your chicken & the temperature of your grill, this could take as little as 15 minutes or up to 40 minutes. 
  5. **Baste the chicken:  **Move the chicken over direct heat. If using skin-on pieces, flip the chicken so the skin-side is down. Use a pastry brush to baste the BBQ chicken with BBQ sauce & cook for 2 minutes. Flip the chicken & cook for 2 minutes more. If using skinless chicken, baste the second side with BBQ sauce; if using skin-on chicken, I suggest not applying BBQ sauce to the skin to keep it nice & crispy. Repeat 2-3 times, until your chicken is as charred & saucy as desired and an instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the chicken (without hitting the bone) registers a temperature of 160 degrees F. Remove from the grill and set aside to rest for 5-10 minutes. Carryover heat will cause the internal temperature to continue to rise as it rests. The chicken will be ready to serve once an instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the chicken (without hitting the bone) registers a temperature of 165 degrees F. 
  6. **Serve your grilled BBQ chicken** with extra BBQ sauce and your favorite summer side dishes. Enjoy!

### Notes

  * **Best chicken to use for grilled BBQ chicken:  **Use whatever you love most - seriously. This recipe will work great with chicken breasts, chicken thighs, chicken wings, drumsticks - whatever you love! I prefer chicken thighs, which is what you see pictured in this blog post. 
    * _**Bone-in vs boneless:** _If possible, I strongly suggest using bone-in chicken parts, as they tend to be more flavorful & juicy than boneless parts.
    * _**Skin-on vs skinless:** _Whether or not you leave the skin on the chicken is up to you. Removing the skin from your chicken will help you create what you likely think of when you think of grilled BBQ chicken - a chicken piece coated in layers of BBQ sauce. Because this recipe involves a dry rub & the chicken skin gets perfectly crispy on the grill, I also like making some pieces with the skin still on. The chicken skin will soak up the sauce pretty quickly, so it's best to only add BBQ sauce to the skin-on side just as you serve it. (Soggy, saucy chicken skin is no good!). It just depends on what you're craving! 
  * **Brining liquid:  **Beer brined chicken is simply the best! Even if you don't love the flavor of beer or you're not typically a beer drinker, a beer brine adds rich, earthy flavor to chicken that's pretty hard to beat. For the best flavor, use a big, hoppy beer such as an IPA. If you'd prefer not to use beer, buttermilk is an awesome option - it makes the chicken extra juicy & tender. If you do not have buttermilk on hand, you can quickly DIY it by adding 1 tablespoon vinegar or lemon juice to 1 cup of milk. You'll need 1 1/2 cups of buttermilk for the chicken brine. 
  * **10-minute meal prep:  **To prep your grilled barbecue chicken ahead of time, I suggest brining the chicken according to Step 1 of Recipe Directions & preparing the dry rub according to the Prep notes. At dinnertime, all you have to do is fire up the grill, season the chicken, & grill. Easy!

_**Keywords:** grilled BBQ chicken, chicken recipes, grilling recipes,
barbecue, grilled, easy, weeknight dinner, summer_

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @playswellwithbutter on Instagram and hashtag it #playswellwithbutter

## **Ready to Hit the Grill?**

If this all still feels new to you, I encourage you to head over to
**Grilling 101**, a compilation of tips & tricks for _all_ of the grilling
basics - everything from  **how to light your grill** to  **how to clean your
grill**.

**All this talk about grilling have you feelin ' ready to hit the grill?** Me
too! Be sure to check out this post for my  **15 go-to marinades you need this
grilling season**. At our house, a good marinade is at the heart of grilling
season. I'm positive these marinades will be on repeat at your house this
summer! For even more grilled goodness, be sure to check out all of our
**Grilling& Smoking recipes**.

& lastly! Be sure to give  **@playswellwithbutter**  a follow on
**Instagram**  - I'll be teaching you how to grill up some goodness all summer
long, & we have _so_ much fun on Instagram!

#### **Want more grilling tips & recipes?**

You're in the right place! 🙌🏼  **Subscribe to have PWWB Grilling Series
updates sent straight to your inbox.**  We're sharing exclusive grilling tips,
tricks, & sneak peeks to our email friends. Plus, you'll be the first to know
about all of PWWB's new grilling recipes all summer long.  **Subscribe
below!**

_Follow along with Plays Well With Butter on_   _Instagram,_  _Facebook, &_
_Pinterest_   _for more easy, modern recipes & fun!_

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Tweet

Filed under: Main Dishes // Recipes

Tagged: 10 Ingredients or Less // 10-Minute Meal Prep // 30 Minutes or Less
(Active) // 60 Minutes or Less (total) // American // Backyard BBQ // Chicken
// Easy Entertaining // Everyday Dinners // Game Day // Grilling & Smoking //
Pantry Staples // Summer

__

Submit

## Hi there, I'm Jess!

If there’s 1 thing to know about me, it’s this: I am head-over-heels in love
with food. I’m on a mission to make weeknight cooking flavorful, fast, & fun
for other foodies, & PWWB is where I share foolproof recipes that deliver
major flavor with minimal effort. Other true loves: pretty shoes, puppies,
Grey’s Anatomy, & my cozy kitchen in Minneapolis, MN.

  * About
  * Contact

## Topics

  *   * 

## Sign up for our newsletter

### Leave a Rating & Comment __

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

###  Comments

  1. 7.25.22

Julia said:

Made this for the first time tonight. This is definitely going into the
permanent rotation! Everyone loved it. I think the core rub is the key here (I
have plenty for at least two more dinners), and then you can have fun and
experiment with different homemade and/or store bought bbq sauces.

★★★★★

Reply

    * 7.26.22

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Hi Julia! Thank you so much for leaving a comment - we couldn't agree more!
It's so great to have extra BBQ dry rub on hand for easy weeknight dinner (Try
these BBQ Chicken bowls next!) & then mix & match with your fave BBQ sauces.
So glad the chicken was a hit!

Reply

  2. 7.4.22

Dawn said:

I will try making this using lava stones in the grill! Already bookmarked
plenty of recipes for this weekend bbq party!

Reply

    * 7.5.22

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Hi Dawn! We've never tested it using lava stones but let us know how it goes!
Thanks so much for bookmarking & hope you had a delicious BBQ!

Reply

  3. 7.2.22

Denise Attard said:

Best chicken ever - just wondering if anyone has tried cooking this in an oven

Reply

    * 7.3.22

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Hi Denise! So glad you loved it! We've never tested this recipe in the oven as
it was really developed for grilling - if you love these flavors though you
should check out our Quick & Easy Shredded BBQ Chicken recipe! It uses the
same homemade BBQ dry rub but cooks using a stovetop sear then oven bake for
juicy, fall-apart tender pulled BBQ chicken!

Reply

  4. 6.1.22

Elliott Tonozzi said:

This site makes me hungry; What's your number one tip for bbq? Regards

Reply

    * 6.2.22

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Hi Elliot! Thanks for checking out our recipes - when it comes to grilling
chicken our #1 tip would be to use the 2-zone grilling method (utilizing both
indirect & direct heat grilling) for perfectly juicy chicken with a smoky
char-grilled finish. If interested, you can read more about this method
**HERE**!

Reply

  5. 5.28.22

Terri said:

Do you close the grill while doing the off direct heat part?

Reply

    * 5.29.22

Jess Larson said:

Hi Terri – YES, please close the lid as the chicken cooks with indirect heat.
Indirect heat cooks kind of like an oven, so the lid needs to be closed in
order for the air to circulate. Cook times included in the recipe reflect a
closed grill lid during that portion. Let me know if you have any other
questions…happy grilling! Jess

Reply

  6. 3.22.22

Kristel schunemann said:

Best bbq chicken ever!! I did the buttermilk and removed skin, was soooo juicy
and flavourful did not even need bbq sauce

★★★★★

Reply

    * 3.22.22

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Hi Kristel! Thank you so much!! The buttermilk makes such a difference & we're
so glad you enjoyed!

Reply

  7. 10.10.21

Sheila said:

When our chicken breasts finally cooked it was so juicy and delicious. We did
brine in water and Himalayan salt (4 quarts water and 1/4 cup salt). I must’ve
not had my burners on right for indirect heating because the chicken took
almost 40 minutes with 15 minutes of turning intervals.

★★★★★

Reply

    * 2.22.22

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Hi Sheila! So glad to hear that you loved this recipe! At times 2-zone
grilling can be tricky, be sure to leave enough time to preheat the grill
(that can help!) & if you want some more tips on Indirect Grilling, check out
our post HERE!

Reply

  8. 9.17.21

Denise Teeter said:

I made bone i breast and thighs vey good Loved the seasoning, didnt think I
would/ will try more from your web Thank You

★★★★★

Reply

    * 12.29.21

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Hi Denise! So glad you loved it & hope you check out more recipes! You can
find all of our grilling recipes HERE!

Reply

  9. 9.6.21

Monica from Bestconsumerratings said:

Wow! Looks so delicious, my entire loved chicken, especially grilled chicken.
Can't wait anymore, I will definitely try it your way, looks seem easy to make
:D. Thanks so much for this guide. Looking forward to seeing more.

★★★★★

Reply

    * 12.29.21

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Hey Monica! Thanks for leaving a comment - we hope you give the recipe a try
soon!

Reply

  10. 7.31.21

Kristene Rodrigues said:

You really need to speak to the closing of the grill lid. I was very skeptical
after first reading of recipe. Went back and read a second and third time.
There were no instructions about the lid. After 15 minutes with your
instructions I realized they were terribly wrong, and went with instinct.
Closing the lid and following other instructions worked. Please fix this for
others.

★★★

Reply

    * 3.2.22

Jess Larson said:

Kristene – Apologies for the frustration. Yes, closing the grill lid is
implied with indirect grilling as we rely on the lid to help contain the heat
& circulate around the chicken as it cooks.

Reply

  11. 6.14.21

Sarah V said:

This was an instant hit! Definitely the best BBQ chicken we’ve ever had. Thank
you for sharing!

★★★★★

Reply

    * 6.20.21

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Yay Sarah! We are SO happy you loved this BBQ chicken. Thank you for sharing
your thoughts & kind words - it means so much!

Reply

  12. 6.2.21

Michelle said:

This chicken was so tender and juicy! This will be my go-to for grilling.

★★★★★

Reply

    * 6.12.21

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

So glad you loved this BBQ chicken, Michelle! That is totally the beauty of
the 2-zone grilling method - no chance at dry chicken!!

Reply

  13. 5.30.21

Karen Lippman said:

This was by far the best bbq chicken we have ever made. We used the beer brine
and some bone in thighs along with some boneless chicken breasts. Absolutely
amazing and tender. The rub was so tasty and we made a homemade bbq sauce.
This recipe is a keeper!!! Thanks

★★★★★

Reply

    * 6.9.21

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Hi Karen! Homemade BBQ sauce sounds fabulous - what an awesome addition!!
Thank you so much for sharing!

Reply

  14. 5.27.21

Hilary Stevens said:

This was an absolute winner! Super juicy and flavorful, we tried some without
the sauce and we're completely satisfied. Will definitely make this recipe
again

★★★★★

Reply

    * 5.28.21

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Hi Hilary! We are so glad to hear that you loved this BBQ chicken - it is a
favorite on our team as well! Hope you have an amazing long holiday weekend &
are able to do some grilling!

Reply

  15. 5.24.21

Ellen Mann said:

Another great go-to recipe from PWWB. Easy and really tasty. Definitely
recommend brining your chicken for the maximum time- I’ve done it the quicker
way and while good, it was better with the longer brine time.

★★★★★

Reply

  16. 4.27.21

Sam said:

Just had a question I live in an apartment that doesn’t allow grills so can I
make it on the stove or will that change the flavor to much

Reply

    * 5.14.21

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Hi Sam! The BBQ Chicken is really intended for the grill as the grill allows
you to achieve those craveable char marks! While we haven't tested a stovetop
method for this recipe, we'd recommend trying a cast iron grill pan or
skillet! Let us know how it goes if you give it try!

Reply

  17. 12.7.20

Dustin said:

I knew i had to make these immediately when I saw this recipe! They are so
good!

★★★★★

Reply

    * 3.9.21

Erin @ Plays Well With Butter said:

Hi Dustin! So glad you enjoyed, nothing better than classic Grilled BBQ
Chicken!

Reply

  18. 9.12.20

Matt said:

I'm a lvl 1 cook and this recipe lets me make fantastic BBQ chicken.

★★★★★

Reply

    * 9.17.20

Jess Larson said:

So glad to hear it, Matt! Thanks for the comment.

Reply

  19. 7.2.20

Tiffany said:

The best grilled chicken. Thanks for this easy to follow recipe. So delicious.

★★★★★

Reply

    * 7.2.20

Jess Larson said:

So, so glad you enjoyed it, Tiffany!!

Reply

      * 7.3.20

Tiffany said:

Will be trying more of your recipes in the future! By any chance you're
interested in doing collabs, you can check out the offers in our Collaboration
section at Phlanx! https://phlanx.com/collaborations You can also check us out
at Instagram @phlanxglobal

★★★★★

Reply

  20. 6.9.20

Kim said:

So extremely delicious! I’m new to grilling and your instructions were super
helpful. I was going to just make chicken breast but your pictures looked so
good I went out and bought chicken thighs so I could get in on that crispy
skin action! I will definitely be coming back and making this again this
summer

★★★★★

Reply

    * 6.24.20

jess said:

Kim, I'm SO glad to hear that the recipe went well for you!!! The crispy skin
action is where it's at - so glad you love it! Thanks so much for commenting!
xx

Reply

      * 3.27.21

Lori said:

Am I missing it- grill closed or open?

Reply

        * 5.5.21

Jess Larson said:

Hi Lori! You want to close the grill lid, especially while you're grilling
with indirect heat (Step 4). It's less important when you're basting over
direct heat (Step 5), but whenever I'm not actively turning/basting, I close
the lid to help the grill stay within the desired temperature range. Hope this
helps!

Reply

## Post navigation

Older Post __

 __Newer Post

## Welcome to PWWB!

I am the recipe developer & food photographer behind Plays Well With Butter.
If there's one thing you should know about me it's that I’m majorly head-over-
heels in love with food, & I'm on a mission to make weeknight cooking
effortless & flavor-filled for other food lovers. Here on PWWB you'll find
trusted, kitchen-tested recipes that deliver craveable flavors for any night
of the week. I'm so glad you're here - deliciousness is in store!

  * More About Jess

## Top Recipes

  * ## Best-Ever Bolognese

  * ## Best-Ever Hearty Minestrone Soup with Sausage

  * ## Easy Hummus Bowls with Chicken Shawarma (or Veggie Shawarma!)

  * ## Lemony Basil Creamy Vegan Pasta with Broccoli & Sun-dried Tomatoes

  * ## Easy Roasted Veggie Tacos (+ Chipotle Cashew Crema!)

## Sign up for our newsletter

Enter your email below and get everyday recipes delivered straight to your
inbox!

## Follow Along

[instagram-feed]

  *  __Instagram
  *  __Facebook
  *  __Pinterest
  *  __Bloglovin

  * home
  * About
  * contact
  * Privacy Policy
  * disclaimer
  * Design by Weller Smith Design
  * Code by LMB

Copyright 2022

Theme by __

## What are you searching for?

__ X Close

  *   *   * 

FREE Grilling Guide

_Tips for your BEST grilling season yet with TONS of delicious recipes_ _\+
15_ _BONUS_

_go-to g_ ** _rilling marinades!_**

YES, I WANT IT

_**5-DAY EMAIL SERIES**_

