https://damndelicious.net/2019/06/07/chicken-satay-with-peanut-sauce/


Skip to Main Content

__Search

____

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes
    * Recipes by Category
      * appetizer
      * asian inspired
      * breakfast
      * freezer friendly
      * instant pot
      * meal prep
      * quick & easy
      * side dish
      * slow cooker
      * soup
      * MORE…
    * Recipes by Season
      * christmas
      * fall
      * game day
      * summer
      * thanksgiving
      * MORE
    * Recipes by Ingredient
    * View All Recipes »
  * Cookbook
    * Damn Delicious
    * Damn Delicious Meal Prep
  * About
    * About Chungah
    * Meet Our Team
    * FAQ
    * Press
    * Contact

##### Follow Me!

____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____

____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____

__Search

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes
    * Recipes by Category
      * appetizer
      * asian inspired
      * breakfast
      * freezer friendly
      * instant pot
      * meal prep
      * quick & easy
      * side dish
      * slow cooker
      * soup
      * MORE…
    * Recipes by Season
      * christmas
      * fall
      * game day
      * summer
      * thanksgiving
      * MORE
    * Recipes by Ingredient
    * View All Recipes »
  * Cookbook
    * Damn Delicious
    * Damn Delicious Meal Prep
  * About
    * About Chungah
    * Meet Our Team
    * FAQ
    * Press
    * Contact

## Get the _Latest recipes_ right in your inbox:

Sign Up __

# Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce

__235 _Comments »_

  * Pinterest20.0K
  * Facebook3.2K
  * Twitter
  * Email

_Perfectly grilled chicken satay skewers in the most flavorful marinade.
Served with THE BEST creamy peanut sauce ever!!!_

I'm going to be completely honest with you guys.

These chicken satay skewers could taste like shoe leather. And if they did,
that would be okay. Because this peanut-lime sauce will make anything and
everything taste so much better.

But don't worry. It absolutely does not taste like shoe leather. Promise.

Instead, it's the most perfectly grilled, golden-brown chicken bites with just
the right amount of charred, smoky goodness. The marinade takes the chicken to
the next level of flavor town with the help of a simple coconut milk marinade
and some pantry spices.

And I know I say this all the time, but really, this creamy, zesty peanut-lime
sauce is the best peanut sauce of your lives. SO SO SO good.

## Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce

 **Yield:** 6 servings

 **prep time:** 2 hours 30 minutes

 **cook time:** 20 minutes

 **total time:** 2 hours 50 minutes

Perfectly grilled chicken satay skewers in the most flavorful marinade. Served
with THE BEST creamy peanut sauce ever!!!

4.93 stars (140 ratings)

__Print Recipe

asian inspired

Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce

2 hours 30 minutes20 minutes

Chungah Rhee

### Ingredients:

  * 1/4 cup coconut milk
  * 2 tablespoons reduced sodium soy sauce
  * 2 1/2 teaspoons yellow curry powder
  * 1 1/2 teaspoons turmeric
  * 3 cloves garlic, minced
  * 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger
  * 1 tablespoon brown sugar
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce
  * 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1-inch chunks
  * 1 tablespoon canola oil
  * Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste

#### For the peanut sauce

  * 3 tablespoons creamy peanut butter
  * 1 tablespoon reduced sodium soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice
  * 2 teaspoons brown sugar
  * 2 teaspoons chili garlic sauce, or more, to taste
  * 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger

### Directions:

  1. To make the peanut sauce, whisk together peanut butter, soy sauce, lime juice, brown sugar, chili garlic sauce and ginger in a small bowl. Whisk in 2-3 tablespoons water until desired consistency is reached; set aside.
  2. In a medium bowl, combine coconut milk, soy sauce, curry powder, turmeric, garlic, ginger, brown sugar and fish sauce.
  3. In a gallon size Ziploc bag or large bowl, combine chicken and coconut milk mixture; marinate for at least 2 hours to overnight, turning the bag occasionally.
  4. Drain the chicken from the marinade, discarding the marinade.
  5. Preheat grill to medium high heat. Thread chicken onto skewers. Brush with canola oil; season with salt and pepper, to taste.
  6. Add skewers to grill, and cook, turning occasionally, until the chicken is completely cooked through, reaching an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 12-15 minutes.
  7. Serve immediately with peanut sauce.

__

#### Did you Make This Recipe?

Tag @damn_delicious on Instagram and hashtag it _#damndelicious_.

_posted on_ June 7, 2019 _under_ asian inspired, chicken, entree, summer  
__235 _Comments_ Leave a Comment »

## Post navigation

Previous post:

Grilled Corn with Cilantro Lime Butter

Next post:

Summer Cheese Board

## Get the _Latest Recipes_ Right in your Inbox:

### Leave a Review

### Leave a Review Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Made it? Leave a review! Made it? Leave a review!  
  
  
  
  

Your Rating * Rating… Excellent Good Average Not Good Awful

Your Review * Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

###  235 comments

  1. **Manuel Ching** -- July 29, 2022 @ 12:39 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

After trying out different recipes online (I've clocked it at 7 recipes,
excluding this one), what we can find outlined here is second to none…yes,
this is definitely a challenge to the willing! GO and find a better recipe
than this online, and prove me wrong! Simple, easy to procure, and wholesome!
If you find yourself on the losing side of a dare to NEVER recreate and
consume this again, chances are you'd probably go out of your way to lose
repeatedly! I wouldn't blame you at ALL!

  2. **Kait** -- July 26, 2022 @ 5:17 AM  Reply

Hi there. I can't seem to find directions on the chili garlic sauce? Is it
store bought, and if so, which brand? Is it homemade, and if so, how?

    * **Kibben** -- July 31, 2022 @ 3:17 PM  Reply

Kait, try using sambal oelek! We love to use it, we make this recipe over and
over.

  3. **Zorica** -- July 22, 2022 @ 5:22 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is the best satay recipe I've ever found. So good and so easy. I've
cooked the chicken on the grill, on the stove, and in the air fryer and both
have been amazing. I use garam masala instead of curry powder.

  4. **Suzan Barron** -- July 14, 2022 @ 3:09 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I feel like a real chef when I make this recipe. The blend of spices in the
marinade is delicious and somewhat standard to any average home cook.

  5. **Kat** -- July 10, 2022 @ 3:54 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this today for the first time, snd it won’t be my last! Very tasty meal!

  6. **Patti** -- July 7, 2022 @ 7:17 AM  Reply

I made this for dinner last night!! Absolutely delicious!! My husband agrees!!  
Easy to make - BBQ was simple! And the marinade was great!! The sauce super!!!
Thanks

  7. **Jim Wise** -- July 6, 2022 @ 10:16 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this for the July 4 . Excellent flavors. I did use more chili- garlic
sauce then in the recipe but I like more spice than most. A great recipe.

  8. **kathy dinicola** -- July 2, 2022 @ 2:50 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I've been searching for a sate recipe for a while and after making this
recipe, my search is now over! Absolutely delicious! I made a couple of
adjustments that worked out great. I was out of curry powder and subbed red
curry paste - I will be doing that from now on. I also added cilantro, lime
zest and lime juice to the sauce (based on an earlier review). I marinated the
chicken skewkers for an hour and cooked half of them and the second half I
made for lunch the next day. I have to say, marinating overnight is the way to
go. Both the sauce and the chicken were much more flavorful. Great recipe!!!

  9. **Melissa** -- July 1, 2022 @ 1:00 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this sauce a few months ago and it's really fantastic. I swore I saved
but I couldn't find it anywhere, then I remembered part of the description of
being delicious on shoe leather and I found it!! Very excited to make it
again, and save it this time!

  10. **Julie C** -- June 22, 2022 @ 12:23 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So so good! Especially the peanut sauce. Best one I've ever tried and I've
tried a lot. I pounded the chicken flat but it's hard to skewer because
chicken thighs do not have many even edges. I was going to do them on single
toothpicks and serve them as appetizers to my book group but instead I broiled
them on large skewers and then pushed them off the skewers so that people
could just use toothpicks to grab and dip.

  11. **TAYTAY** -- May 23, 2022 @ 8:37 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Great. Only thing I changed was I cooked chicken tenders not skewers.

  12. **Annie** -- May 2, 2022 @ 7:07 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is one of my absolute favorite recipes!!! I could literally drink the
peanut sauce. The chicken is also flavorful, but I tend to cut back on the
curry seasoning a bit.  
Definitely don’t skip serving with cilantro and I like to chop up peanuts to
sprinkle on top!

  13. **Michelle** -- February 28, 2022 @ 12:32 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This tasted amazing!!! I wasn't able to marinate for 2 hrs, maybe only 45 min
or less, but the meat was really succulent and flavorful. I used a grill pan
on a gas stove and didn't cut up the chicken.

Then, I made a salad with romaine lettuce, shredded carrot, green onions,
cilantro and used the peanut sauce as dressing, cutting up the chicken into
pieces.

It was sooooo good. Usually I'm not super ecstatic about my cooking (I'm very
critical), but this was really yummy!! I want to make it for my parents who
are from southeast Asia.

Thank you!!!

  14. **Jessica** -- February 23, 2022 @ 4:47 PM  Reply

Rated 3 out of 5

Chicken came out amazing! I don’t have a grill so I pan fried mine! I gave the
recipe a 3 out of 5 because the peanut sauce just wasn’t up to my liking. I
will admit I had to sun Harissa powder instead for the chili sauce. Still a
great recipe! I served mine with jasmine rice and zested the lime into the
rice with some butter and pepper. Delicious!

    * **Justin** -- March 13, 2022 @ 4:24 PM  Reply

If you didn’t follow the recipe, why give it three stars with the reasoning
you didn’t like the sauce? You changed the recipe, that’s not the authors
fault then?

    * **Mark** -- June 3, 2022 @ 7:14 AM  Reply

So you gave your recipe three stars?! The individuals reading reviews are
interested in the Authors recipe not yours. I'm assuming if it was better with
Harissa powder you would have seen that in the recipe instead.

    * **Robert C** -- June 26, 2022 @ 10:06 PM  Reply

make your own recipe and poste it instead of downgrading someone else ideas

  15. **Grace** -- February 22, 2022 @ 3:25 PM  Reply

Excellent recipe! My only addition is that I cooked slivers of onion and
jalepeno with the chicken and then added that to the rice and sauce. Very
good!

  16. **lori** -- February 14, 2022 @ 11:22 AM  Reply

Looks like a delicious recipe. Question- Could I prepare and cook the chicken
in advance (Day prior to serving) and then warm up the meat prior to serving?
Hosting a large gathering and thought this recipe may be a good meat option
for the party

  17. **Helene R Cho** -- February 11, 2022 @ 10:03 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Excellent recipe! Followed it fairly close and it turned out great. I made it
with chicken breast meat since that's what I had. I also increased the brown
sugar to another teaspoon since I like things sweet. I marinated the chicken
for 6 hours (due to my schedule.) I also doubled the peanut sauce since we
LOVE it and wanted to make sure we had more than enough. Delicious dinner with
plenty of leftovers. Thanks much for the great recipe!

  18. **Leah** -- February 9, 2022 @ 2:29 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Love the marinade !! Definitely my fave !!would be great with prawns too !

  19. **Mel** -- January 23, 2022 @ 5:17 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is one of my go-to recipes. It’s always a hit when I serve it at parties
and it easily becomes a staple recipe for the guests who try it. I never make
it with the peanut sauce and it’s still just as delicious. I buy the big pack
of Costco organic thighs, batch marinade, and portion into freezer bags for
convenience. In the winter, when we’re not using the bbq, I cook the chicken
thighs (un-cubed) on a cast iron skillet. Even my two picky eater kids love
it!

  20. **Alan** -- January 4, 2022 @ 11:08 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Great recipe. You can tone the Chili heat and add gradually so don’t put it
all in at once. Rather than water to loosen the peanut sauce, I also used
coconut milk.

  21. **Katie** -- January 1, 2022 @ 12:30 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Easy and delicious. Family have declared it should be added to the rotation.
Thanks!

  22. **Tania Ciantar** -- December 5, 2021 @ 11:15 AM  Reply

I would like to try this. Can I roast them in the oven instead of grill them?

    * **Carol Channon** -- February 9, 2022 @ 5:01 PM  Reply

I cube 1kg of chicken breast, and always roast in the oven, as it takes a lot
less effort. I cook in batches, so there's space for the chicken to get that
lovely 'grilled char', turning half way through. I have a roasting basket,
which I'm going to use for the first time tomorrow and this will allow the
heat to hopefully char on all sides, without the need for turning. Once you've
made this satay dish once, it will immediately become a family favourite! I
use the remainder of the coconut milk in the peanut sauce, which I always
double up on, as everyone goes mad for it.

  23. **Elisa** -- November 16, 2021 @ 5:57 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Best satay recipe I’ve tried yet! A HUGE hit here! Thanks!

  24. **Ali** -- November 6, 2021 @ 4:06 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Super Tasty. Great flavours. A little bite from the ginger. Definitely adding
this to my regular dishes

  25. **Blake** -- October 5, 2021 @ 2:31 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love this satay sauce! So good!

  26. **Cheryl Wheeler** -- October 3, 2021 @ 10:31 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Well, I'm making this dish for the 4th time this month. In my opinion, it is
THAT GOOD! My husband loves it as well. The flavor is just amazing. I use
chicken tenders and they are moist and delicious each time. I make rice and
veggies and mix all in a dish with the chicken and top it with sauce for a
complete meal.

  27. **Susanne** -- September 25, 2021 @ 1:50 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made it with asian cucumber salad (cucumber, fresh pineapple, red onion, red
chili and cilantro in a sweetened vinegar sauce)

  28. **Rainer Schlesiger** -- August 30, 2021 @ 5:45 PM  Reply

This looks so good,  
Do you think that brine the chicken first with salt water to add moisture and
tenderize would be ok? Or should I just marinate overnight to get the moisture
and tenderness?

  29. **Sharon** -- August 19, 2021 @ 3:56 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Thank you for this recipe. Definitely taste like the real thing when you don’t
have all the original ingredients. I added a stalk of lemongrass to the
marinade and blitz it.

  30. **Yvonne** -- August 5, 2021 @ 10:36 AM  Reply

Can the peanut sauce be made in advance (say a day before) and stored in the
fridge?? Taking this camping and want to prep as much as I can at home!

  31. **Ted** -- July 29, 2021 @ 11:02 PM  Reply

Excellent recipe - I made it as per the ingredients but grilled the chicken
skewers on an hibachi, using binchotan charcoal

  32. **Es** -- July 12, 2021 @ 3:44 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Maybe I'm blind, but where does the chilli garlic sauce come from? Is this
something you buy or make from another recipe on here?

    * **B** -- July 14, 2021 @ 10:50 AM  Reply

SRIRACHA

      * **Julie** -- July 18, 2021 @ 11:13 AM  Reply

You can buy it at any grocery store, usually in the international aisle with
the Chinese foods.

    * **Bruce** -- January 5, 2022 @ 3:05 PM  Reply

I use Sambal Olek. Most grocery stores will carry it. All asian markets are
going to carry it in my experience. Siracha to me is glorified spicy ketchup

  33. **Kitty** -- July 4, 2021 @ 1:26 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is a fabulous recipe, both the chicken and the sauce! The chicken has so
much flavor!  
I added some fresh lime juice, lime zest, And cilantro to the marinade.
Everything about this is fantastic and I will be making it again!

  34. **Kathryn Penner** -- July 3, 2021 @ 10:29 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This chicken has become a family favorite. We serve it with coconut rice or
simply stuffed in a pita with fresh veggies. The chili garlic in the peanut
sauce is out of this world!

  35. **Tamara** -- June 29, 2021 @ 5:54 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Really delicious - I bought chicken breast instead (we prefer them) and they
were so moist, flavorful and delicious. But the sauce really put it over the
top. Love! My older 2 kids (14, 12) really loved it.

  36. **Ethan** -- June 22, 2021 @ 9:20 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I tried this recipe on a whim and have now made it 5 times in the last 6 weeks
-- we love it that much. We've tried some modifications that we liked: 1)
using chunky peanut butter gives a nice crunch and texture that works out
nicely. 2) Adding in fresh chopped Thai chilis can add a nice kick that blends
well with the flavor profile of the dish.

  37. **Hi, how can I make this if I don’t have a grill? What temperature or setting what I use in the oven? Thank you so much?** -- June 14, 2021 @ 7:10 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Hi, how can I make this if I don’t have a grill? What temperature or setting
what I use in the oven? Thank you so much?

    * **Helen Robles** -- May 13, 2022 @ 2:38 PM  Reply

Sounds wonderful.

  38. **Joan Tortorici** -- June 4, 2021 @ 7:27 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Not a review, but a question. Could tahini be substituted for the peanuts in
the sauce? We have a peanut allergy. I have skipped the sauce in the past, but
want to try the sauce with a peanut alergy.

    * **Shevonrenee** -- June 12, 2021 @ 9:56 AM  Reply

I think you could definitely give it a try. You could also try using something
like almond or cashew butter.

      * **Alyce** -- July 24, 2021 @ 6:30 AM  Reply

We have a peanut allergy and use almond butter. Still very good. I love it
with the peanut butter but almond butter was good substitute

  39. **Carolyn Baldwin** -- June 4, 2021 @ 12:26 PM  Reply

These skewers were delicious and my whole family loved them! Will definitely
be making these again. Thanks!

  40. **Rebecca Davis** -- May 29, 2021 @ 7:11 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love this recipe. Simple, flavorful! Chicken is better if you can marinate at
least overnight.

  41. **Andrea Quinlan** -- May 29, 2021 @ 2:53 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is hands down the best recipe ive ever found online, its now a staple of
in our house! The marinade is AMAZING we even save a little before putting in
the chicken and put some on our peanut sauce! So delicious!

  42. **CHACHI** -- May 24, 2021 @ 12:41 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I used chicken tendies that I rolled kinda flat between parchment w/ a rolling
pin before marinating. Grilled on high and cooked fast and got some nice char
marks. Really had that restaurant flair! The marinade and sauce are spot on!

  43. **Susan Wolfe** -- May 20, 2021 @ 6:32 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I didn't even have fish sauce or garlic sauce, and gurrrlll, that was damn
delicious. The only quibble I have is this to taste thing. I just wish recipes
would give the quantities and those who think it is too much or too little can
adjust accordingly. But DD! I am going to be trying a lot more of your
recipes.

  44. **Shaun McCormick** -- May 1, 2021 @ 5:08 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Great recipe…made it a few times now…added coconut milk to the sauce mixture
to thin it down a bit…Does anyone know if i can heat the sauce up and pour it
over the chicken?

    * **Chachi** -- May 24, 2021 @ 12:38 PM  Reply

YES! Save some marinade on the side before adding to chicken. Simmer on low
for a few mins to bring it all together and serve warm…

  45. **Sandra** -- April 21, 2021 @ 3:30 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

The best Chicken Satay receipt ever! Love it!

  46. **Cori** -- March 31, 2021 @ 3:21 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I've never actually had these flavors before but the peanut sauce lured me in.
OMG, I LOVED IT! This is definitely going in the regular rotation!! Thank you!

  47. **Marissa** -- March 31, 2021 @ 1:16 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Used chicken breast and it was SO tender, thanks to this delicious marinade!
And the peanut sauce was so good and so easy. We added a bit of extra lime
juice to thin it out, and served the chicken with brown rice and cucumber
salad, as other reviewers had suggested. Thanks for a fantastic recipe!

  48. **Liz** -- March 26, 2021 @ 10:13 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this for dinner and I swear my 17 yr old daughter exclaimed no less than
5 times that it was so good! The only thing I left out was the garlic-chili
sauce as my kid doesn’t like heat (I substituted a minced garlic clove).
Served with Asian cucumber salad. There were no chicken leftovers. Definitely
adding to my favorites list!

  49. **TessMarie** -- March 8, 2021 @ 7:54 AM  Reply

Damn Delicious! Made for first time followed (almost) to a T. Instead of
skewers I subbed boneless/skinless chicken thighs marinated overnight. Added a
smidge of garlic to peanut sauce too.

Served w/ cooked white rice tossed with some chopped cilantro, salt, lime
juice and a bit of canola.

Rave reviews from my family. So yummy!

  50. **Melissa** -- March 1, 2021 @ 3:11 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Have made this three times now and each time it has been INCREDIBLE. Want to
make for an upcoming dinner for a few guests and I wanted to see if you had a
recommended way of making this in advance? Could I prep it an hour before and
then keep it in the oven to stay warm, or am I better suited to just make it
directly?

  51. **Steve** -- February 20, 2021 @ 3:32 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Excellent recipe. Many chicken satays are all about the sauce the chicken with
this marinade makes it tasty alone. I just tossed the little pieces in a pan
without a skewer and very quick and easy meal.

  52. **Cecil** -- February 16, 2021 @ 9:06 AM  Reply

Loved the marinade, but modified the sauce with organic crunchy peanut butter,
cilantro, sesame seed oil, lime juice fresh, soya sauce, brown sugar and
chilli sauce.

  53. **Phil** -- January 24, 2021 @ 12:30 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Tastiest home made satay sauce I have ever had. The only change I made was
sweet chilli sauce instead of chilli garlic sauce as I didn’t have the latter.

  54. **Tanja** -- January 5, 2021 @ 5:20 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Great recipe. I made it with tofu. It was fantastic!

  55. **Nick D** -- December 17, 2020 @ 5:47 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Awesome recipe! I marinated whole skinless boneless thighs overnight and baked
them at 425 degrees for 20-25 mins. Came out insanely juicy. Gonna be a
weeknight staple. Thanks!

  56. **Sally Davies** -- December 2, 2020 @ 12:18 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Wow! Love this satay chicken. I didn't have time to marinade the chicken, so I
left thechicken breaststroke while and cooked them in the marinade for 30
minutes - so tender. I cooked brown rice and spooned some of the marinade over
it. The satay sauce was the best I've tasted!

  57. **Daryl** -- November 19, 2020 @ 1:24 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I make a point of looking up different techniques for favourite recipes, but I
don’t need to look up satay chicken and peanut sauce any more. Never seen your
site before, but I have just bookmarked and subscribed. I never leave reviews,
and I hate people posting food pics on Insta, but I’ve just done both. I admit
I changed the sauce a bit by adding a bit of onion and garlic, but it was the
lime and ginger that made it! Thanks heaps, look forward to trying more of
your stuff in the future.

  58. **Arlene | From Pennies to Plenty** -- November 16, 2020 @ 9:06 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was delicious! I sauteed the chicken because it was easier than getting
out the grill. The funny thing is that in the midst of prepping this dish and
cooking other dishes, I forgot to make the peanut sauce. The chicken was still
really flavorful on its own. Now I can make this for myself again and again
instead of having to order it from a restaurant. Next time I'll try it with
the sauce.

  59. **Christine Neidecker** -- November 8, 2020 @ 5:11 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I'm just rating the peanut sauce here, which I made in a hurry today. We
bought some prepared teriyaki chicken satay from Whole Foods, and we needed a
killer sauce to go with. I made this peanut sauce and boy was it yummy! We
also used the sauce with some soy-pepper marinated skirt steak (also purchased
from Whole Foods) that we threaded onto skewers and grilled. Also very tasty.
Next time, Chungah, I will follow your recipe for the chicken, because the
seasonings look so delicious. In fact, it'll probably be very soon because I
really want to try it!

  60. **Laura** -- November 2, 2020 @ 8:04 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I have made this dish 3 times now and I love it - it's amazingly flavorful and
so great with some fluffy rice and pickled cucumber salad. I make it with
chicken tenders because I prefer white meat - just poke the breasts with a
fork to let all the marinade seep in and enjoy!

  61. **Andrea** -- October 29, 2020 @ 8:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

WOW this was soooooooo delicious! The chicken tasted wonderful but you are
absolutely right…the peanut sauce is the bomb (and Yes, it would make shoe
leather taste good!!!). I made this with stir fried veggies and Jasmine rice
-what a satisfying dinner. I do have a question though, I used a natural
creamy peanut butter from Costco that was creamy but a lot thicker than say
Skippy creamy peanut butter. I tripled the recipe for the peanut sauce and was
probably a little heavy handed with the measuring spoon, but I could not get
my sauce to the consistency that spreads out a bit when brushed over the
chicken skewers (or ladled by the spoonful into my mouth). I added a little
water like you said and it helped a bit but I didn’t want to mess with that
awesome flavor and dilute it. Any suggestions for thinning it in my case
without it affecting the taste?

    * **Paul Lambert** -- December 13, 2020 @ 1:18 PM  Reply

I thin it down with coconut milk, and I used honey instead of brown sugar.
Works really well.

  62. **Nina** -- October 6, 2020 @ 8:43 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I've made this a few times now and it's amazing!!! Always a hit! Quick
question - would this freeze well if I make a large batch? I am having guests
over and want to make enough, but afraid I may have leftovers and don't want
them to go to waste.

Thank you so much and for sharing such amazing recipes 🙂

    * **Mel** -- October 12, 2020 @ 10:10 PM  Reply

Hi Nina I made a batch without cooking and froze for camping. It was
delicious!

  63. **Lady Eve** -- October 4, 2020 @ 2:31 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

The best Satay I have ever made the chicken was so succulent, I didn't have
any fish sauce but really it couldn't have been any better anyway! Will
definitely make this again.

  64. **Mali** -- September 30, 2020 @ 4:45 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Oh my goodness these were the best satay I've ever had, and the kiddos loved
them too. I have been annoyed at how much we pay for satay that is a hit or
miss with the kids, and so I turned to the interwebs, and they did not
disappoint. Thank you! Minor subs: heavy cream because of food sensitivity to
coconut milk, and avo oil for canola because I had run out.

  65. **Deni** -- September 24, 2020 @ 12:36 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is my first attempt at making chicken satay. These were by far the best
I’ve ever eaten!  
Thank you.  
Served with a side of steamed runner beans

  66. **Monica** -- September 20, 2020 @ 8:34 AM  Reply

Thank you. I usually just grill this but I wanted to try it as a regular
dinner but couldn't think of what to serve with. You are quite literally the
best!

  67. **Lorna** -- September 3, 2020 @ 1:40 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

AMAZING!! I have searched for years for a good Satay and this is by far the
best I've ever had.

  68. **CToth** -- August 31, 2020 @ 1:28 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

A+++++ Wow, this is good. I wanted to try making chicken satay at home and
came right to your website because I have loved all your recipes. They are
always amazing!! This one was as well. I followed your recipe except I didn't
use the sweet chili sauce in the peanut sauce.  
The chicken is moist and 10 times better than any we have had out in a
restaurant. We won't be ordering it out again, because this recipe is absolute
perfection. Definitely adding this to our dinner rotation.  
Thank you so much for sharing wonderful recipes that are so easy to make.  
Much gratitude and appreciation.

  69. **Belinda** -- August 31, 2020 @ 9:37 AM  Reply

This was simply amazing!! We do extended family dinners every Sunday and those
people who never comment no matter what is made, couldn't help but say how
much they loved this dish. Diners aged from 78 to 7 and gobbled up by all! I
served it with Jasmine rice and broccoli. Easy to make and even easier to eat!
This recipe is a keeper. Thank you so very much for sharing!

  70. **G in VT** -- August 29, 2020 @ 5:21 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

We loved this when we made it a few weeks ago -- my 12 year old daughter found
the recipe and was a major part of the prep work! We served it with rice and
broccoli and carrots and there were no leftovers. We subbed almond butter for
the peanut butter and coconut aminos for the soy due to some dietary
restrictions and it worked perfectly. Going to try it tomorrow with 2 lbs of
chicken breasts since that's what we have in the house… thank you for a
wonderful, delicious and easy recipe.

  71. **Alison James** -- August 23, 2020 @ 12:35 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Wow. You have changed my life with this recipe. Chicken satay was always my
favorite dish at Thai restaurants, though they never gave you enough peanut
sauce or cucumber onion salad. Then came the virus and suddenly eating out
wasn’t an option.  
But how to make something so authentically Thai at home? Does one even dare
try? So I found your recipe, took my courage in both hands, and oh! Lordy it’s
every bit as good as eating out, better in fact, as good as any I have ever
had. And best of all, I can have it whenever I want! And with LOTS of sauce
and cucumber salad too! Fresh off the grill it’s a standout dish.  
Your recipe is easy and the taste combination superb. I have made it three
times already (once with shrimp) and have another lot marinating right now.
Family I have shared with were as thrilled as we were. Hats off to you and
THANK YOU for making it easy to pig out on the best satay we have ever tasted.

  72. **Jen** -- August 20, 2020 @ 11:18 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Making this for the third time now. I lived in SE Asia for quite a few years,
visited Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia repeatedly and fed three kids satay in
all those places. Also have a Thai sis-in-law who makes great Thai food, as
it’s part of her genetic makeup to do it right, I swear! This is somewhat
‘inauthentic’, but it’s so easy and, as promised, damn delicious. Keep up the
go work.

  73. **Jodie Howard** -- August 17, 2020 @ 9:11 AM  Reply

Silly question, I have boneless thighs per the recipe. Can I grill the whole
thighs or are they meant to be but up and then skewered?

  74. **Mike T** -- August 16, 2020 @ 3:48 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I’ve made this 4 times and stuck to the recipe each time. Why mess with
something so good!  
It’s a keeper for sure. Thanks for sharing it.

  75. **James** -- August 9, 2020 @ 12:28 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love a good satay but am often underwhelmed by the sauce…. this was absolutely
amazing! Marinated chicken and prawns before skewering with fresh pineapple
and barbecuing. Added extra chopped peanuts, 2 tbls brown sugar and extra
chilli to the sauce to give it a kick. Licked the plates clean, thank you!

  76. **Dana** -- August 6, 2020 @ 1:28 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was flippin’ ridiculously delicious! SO flavorful and authentic tasting.
Will share, will make again. Thank you so much!

  77. **Lorraine Gorsche** -- August 6, 2020 @ 9:28 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Followed the recipe exactly other than the long marinade time we did it for
one hour. Amazing flavours!!! High on my list to make again soon!

  78. **Andy** -- August 3, 2020 @ 3:24 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was excellent. I loved it. I served it with pineapple rice, and corn. The
corn didn't really go, but we had it, so I cooked it.

  79. **Cara kor Saxby** -- July 28, 2020 @ 7:57 AM  Reply

Satay recipe should include cumin and coriander.

  80. **Grace** -- July 25, 2020 @ 5:39 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So flavorful! The sauce is amazing and goes great with the marinated chicken.
I served coconut rice with the chicken and it was a hit for my family. Thank
you!

  81. **Gail** -- July 23, 2020 @ 10:32 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this multiple times - a family favorite.  
(Sorry I omit the Fish Sauce)  
The peanut sauce is incredible- we lavish it on!

  82. **Lauren** -- July 22, 2020 @ 6:05 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

my whole fam loved it! doing the marinade the night before made it a super
quick and easy weeknight meal, I paired it with your beef bulgogi and white
rice and it was PERFECT !

  83. **Lauren D** -- July 22, 2020 @ 5:54 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

my whole fam loved it! doing the marinade the night before made it a super
quick and easy weeknight meal, I paired it with your beef bulgogi and white
rice and it was PERFECT

  84. **Angela M** -- July 21, 2020 @ 2:20 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Yummy!

  85. **Lani Goldstein** -- July 11, 2020 @ 4:46 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this today for lunch and my whole family loved it. Sad there were no
leftovers, I went to the store for more ingredients so I can prep this for the
week!

  86. **Charmaine Benitez** -- July 10, 2020 @ 8:49 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Easy recipe and my family loves it

  87. **Mike** -- July 5, 2020 @ 5:20 AM  Reply

I made this last night & it was very good! Definitely a "keeper!" I had
marinated the chicken a while ago & then froze it in the marinade for an easy
supper in the future & it worked out great. I will make it again & maybe add
some crushed peanuts on top just for fun!

  88. **Angie** -- July 4, 2020 @ 12:07 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Just delicious

  89. **Lainey** -- July 3, 2020 @ 1:54 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I was mixing ingredients together and for one, I thought/think I got a wrong
ingredient.* For two, I thought I was just flat out being punked… I was mixing
the ingredients and I really doubted that they could belong together. I
thought, "How could a stranger be so mean to make me buy and immediately waste
these ingredients?"  
Chili garlic in peanut sauce?? No way. Never would have thought that the
peanut flavor could cover that and/or be complimented by it.  
WELL, in my faithless ways… I dipped a piece of chicken in the marinade and
being after midnight… I was not waiting around so I cooked it up in a pan.
OMG! It will be better grilled tomorrow but GOOD GOD. Then with the peanut
sauce? Straight to the pleasure center in my brain. I think it justifies every
bad thing that has ever happened in my life to lead me here.  
Thank you, sincerely.

*I got curry powder and didn't realize until I was ready to prep, I got a curry mixture. It is yellow in color and it was all I found so I got it. Tonight reading the ingredients I see there is onion powder, coriander, turmeric, etc.  
Soooo… whether it is right or wrong, it is good. I'm a red curry kinda girl so
I wasn't privy to the yellow curry options out there.

    * **M T** -- July 9, 2020 @ 9:58 PM  Reply

Soooo… technically, 'curry' just means 'sauce'. Kinda like 'salsa'. A solid
base of turmeric is what makes a yellow curry. As long as you like it, roll
with it. There is a plant that is called a curry tree, but those leaves are
used whole like bay leaves, and they are very little (if any) part of a curry
powder. You're good. <3

  90. **Judith** -- July 2, 2020 @ 4:05 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This recipe is spot on, especially the marinaded chicken. Absolutely
delicious! I did it on skewers in the oven turn one @350’ for 15 minutes. Then
I put under the broiler for 7 minutes~ it was SO tender, it almost fell apart
,certainly only needed a fork to cut it ~ yay!  
The peanut sauce was good, but I think I’d hold at 2tbsp. omitting the 3rd
one….  
All in all a ‘damn delicious ‘ recipe!!!

  91. **Heather Emerson** -- June 30, 2020 @ 2:50 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I have always adored chicken satay, but when we went to Thailand for a month
we experienced so much amazing food and wonderful flavors, my old chicken
satay recipes just didn't satisfy anymore. I've been trying various recipes -
but with this one, we have our number 1 choice! THe peanut sauce is different
that other peanut sauces, and the marinade spectacular creating juicy,
flavorful chicken right off the grill - the peanut sauce is just the icing on
the cake! Your use of fresh ingredients really makes it reminiscent of the
delicious, always fresh flavors we tasted in Thailand. Thank you so much!

  92. **Robbie Mailman** -- June 30, 2020 @ 9:28 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Amazing! I have left over shrimp paste from a different Satay peanut recipe,
can that be used in this recipe instead of fish sauce?

  93. **Helen** -- June 26, 2020 @ 2:29 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Flavor bomb, loved it!! This was really good! Next time I will double the
sauce. Used S&B curry powder and siracha. Served with jasmine rice and stir
fried veges.

  94. **Wayne** -- June 25, 2020 @ 10:37 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is best chicken satay that I’ve ever made thank you so much for sharing
this delicious recipe.

Wayne

  95. **mt** -- June 21, 2020 @ 6:22 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I’ve tried to replicate chicken satay that I eat at my neighborhood Thai
restaurant many times. This recipe comes closest. It is a super easy recipe
and tastes delicious

  96. **Libbey** -- June 15, 2020 @ 11:10 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Chili Garlic Sauce….found in the Asian aisle of your grocer.

  97. **Emily** -- June 14, 2020 @ 4:14 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is such a good recipe, it's very well balanced and has an amazing flavour
profile. I served it with a coconut rice and steamed bok choy.

  98. **Nicola Stewart** -- June 14, 2020 @ 8:34 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I really want to try this recipe but I'm unsure what the chilli garlic sauce
is?

Thanks

Nicola

    * **Libbey** -- June 15, 2020 @ 11:09 AM  Reply

Chili Garlic Sauce….found in the Asian aisle of your grocer.

    * **JB** -- August 5, 2020 @ 5:30 PM  Reply

I just use sambal oolek and add a little more garlic. Seems to be a reliable
substitute.

      * **John Thomas** -- August 15, 2020 @ 6:58 AM  Reply

A rose by any other name …

  99. **Deanna** -- June 13, 2020 @ 8:46 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I love this recipe soooo much! I've made it 3 times in the past 2 weeks. I'm a
vegetarian so I use seitan instead of chicken and I leave out the fish sauce.
This is undoubtedly one of my favorite recipes ever. I use the remainder
coconut milk to make coconut rice, and it is the perfect complement to this
delicious dish. Sooooo good!

  100. **Ed Coleman** -- June 11, 2020 @ 11:10 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Fantastic! I followed the recipe exactly, with one minor variation: We didn't
have fresh ginger so I substituted finely-minced pickled ginger. Not quite as
"sharp" but still that great ginger "bite." We served it with grilled fresh
pineapple, which paired quite nicely with it.

  101. **Ann** -- June 8, 2020 @ 12:27 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Both the chicken and the sauce were phenomenal! I don't have a grill, but
frying in a pan worked just fine. Amazing results for very little effort and
simple ingredients. I'm going to make this all the time!

  102. **Dan** -- June 7, 2020 @ 5:59 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was my first time making chicken satay, and I have to say I picked a
winner. Three chicken breasts, all gone with 2 girls and me. Amazing. I added
a bit more of the chili to the sauce as it wasn’t quite spicy enough without
it for us (wife cooks spicy a lot), but still delish and great pairing. Also,
younger daughter doesn’t really like peanut butter but scarfed the sauce right
up. Definitely making it again this summer.

  103. **tomzgirl** -- June 7, 2020 @ 10:34 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Awesome chicken!  
Awesome sauce!! (thinned with coconut milk instead of water)  
Don’t think they go together, thus, 4 stars. But, separately- damn delicious!
Now, I’ve gotta figure out what to do with this amazing sauce…. maybe just eat
it with a spoon?

  104. **Kati** -- June 4, 2020 @ 10:04 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I have made this a few times now. So good! Hands down the best peanut sauce.
After using 1/4cup of the coconut milk I have enough of a can left over to
make coconut rice:). Serve with some green vegetables.

  105. **A L Lefebvre** -- June 2, 2020 @ 12:37 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Very easy to make, and turns out just like the picture on the Damn Delicious
website. I left the thighs whole; they were easier to grill and tasted just as
delicious. Best peanut sauce ever! I added about 1 Tbsp. rice vinegar to the
sauce.

  106. **Susan Kay Tybur** -- May 29, 2020 @ 1:43 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Most excellent Chicken and the sauce is wonderful!

  107. **Gracie** -- May 26, 2020 @ 10:15 PM  Reply

I’ve made this 5 times in the last month! It is Damn Delicious! The recipe was
super easy to follow and I had all the ingredients on hand. Definitely a crowd
pleaser. The peanut sauce was incredible! I served it with sautéed broccoli
and diced cucumbers that added a nice refreshing crunch. Highly recommend this
recipe!

  108. **Becky Neff** -- May 24, 2020 @ 6:55 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I've played around with other recipes for the sauce. This is hands down the
best!! Easy and can use right away. Awesome flavor. My 3-year-old was just
eating the sauce bg itself. LOL. I swear, I don't know why I mess around
finding recipes on other sites. Damndelicious is the go-to spot! So many
winners and no adjustments needed. Great work! 🙂

  109. **Jia** -- May 24, 2020 @ 10:24 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Omg this was so easy to make and so super delicious! I’ll be sure to make this
over and over again. Yummm!

  110. **Savannah** -- May 23, 2020 @ 11:59 PM  Reply

Delicious. I added extra Thai garlic chili sauce and one munched garlic to the
peanut sauce. Served with coconut rice and sautéed spinach. Everyone loved it.
So easy too.

  111. **Kathleen** -- May 17, 2020 @ 4:07 PM  Reply

Thank you for the delicious recipe. Let me tell you this is a keeper.
Everything about this was perfect, delicious chicken skewers with a beyond
wonderful peanut sauce. We can’t wait to make it again.

    * **Linda** -- May 30, 2020 @ 6:33 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Even my 3 year old liked it! He loved the peanut sauce on the chicken.

  112. **Lauren Avery** -- May 14, 2020 @ 5:35 PM  Reply

Okay, WOW! This recipe blew my boyfriend and I away. We've made it twice now
in a span of 2 weeks!  
I really want my vegetarian friend to experience this LOL, is there a way I
could do this with tofu on the BBQ still?

    * **Deanna** -- May 26, 2020 @ 5:07 PM  Reply

I subbed seitan for the chicken and it was delicious. I feel like seitan has a
more meaty texture than tofu and I use it in place of chicken in recipes all
the time. I pan fried it but I don’t see any reason you couldn’t grill it.

  113. **Cathy** -- May 5, 2020 @ 8:17 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Never made Thai food before, was so impressed with the detail to the recipe,
as well as the end result!!!  
Thank you

  114. **Rogayah Bachmid** -- May 3, 2020 @ 2:26 PM  Reply

Yummyyyyyyyyyy… I’m cone from native of the dish . And I can tell this recepie
is almost near to the real satay. The only different is I cook the peanut
butter sauce bcoz I dong like raw garlic .

  115. **Kirra** -- May 1, 2020 @ 12:17 AM  Reply

Only came for the sauce, and it was delicious! Fast, simple, easily buildable,
and it doesn't need to be cooked! This is my new reference-satay sauce!

  116. **Divya Sachdeva** -- April 25, 2020 @ 8:38 AM  Reply

Can i subsitute fish oil with something

    * **Ed Coleman** -- June 11, 2020 @ 11:18 AM  Reply

It's fish SAUCE not fish OIL, and it adds a wonderful 'umami' character
without being "fishy" (though the aroma of the sauce might make you think
otherwise). You could use oyster sauce instead, but it should be thinned first
with a little water or soy sauce.

  117. **Kirsten** -- April 21, 2020 @ 2:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

These flavors are SPOT ON, incredible. I don't have a grill, so I tossed the
marinated chicken with some oil, spread on a cookie sheet, and baked at 475
for ~25 minutes (toss halfway through). It browned perfectly. Served the
chicken over rice noodles with the sauce, broccoli, and some cilantro and
chopped peanuts. This will be a favorite 🙂 Thanks for the recipe!

  118. **Lexie** -- April 20, 2020 @ 6:27 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Really delicious! I subbed in shrimp for half of the chicken, and both turned
out great.

  119. **Sue** -- April 18, 2020 @ 3:12 PM  Reply

Incredible

  120. **Grace** -- April 16, 2020 @ 4:28 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Excellent dish. Served it with jasmine rice and stir fried veggies though my
presentation was not as good.  
I changed the sauce recipe to 1/3 required and still have plenty leftover -
perhaps we were being stingy but the sauce is quite rich so you don't need
much.  
My partner was very impressed (though I didn't tell him it was recipe hehe)

  121. **Justine Vasey** -- April 9, 2020 @ 1:52 PM  Reply

This recipe was amazing, both my kids 18 and 10 year old boys said it was
banging, 10 out of 10 , it’s been added to my special recipe book forever
thankyou

  122. **Kerstin** -- April 9, 2020 @ 6:31 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Best peanut sauce I have ever tasted! So simple and so tasty.

  123. **Joyce** -- March 29, 2020 @ 6:23 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My husband and I are not great cooks but now are forced to cook at home. We
made these skewers and they are AMAZING! We've had to divide up the skewers so
we each get our share for leftovers tomorrow!

  124. **Rhonda White** -- March 16, 2020 @ 3:23 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

If I can’t grill outside, what’s the best cooking method

  125. **Tracey** -- March 6, 2020 @ 11:28 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this as a dish to take to a going away party. Everyone loved it!

  126. **Sheridan** -- March 3, 2020 @ 4:20 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This recipe is delicious! Instead of thinning my peanut sauce with water I
used some of the extra coconut milk. It was amazing!

  127. **Connie Donaldson** -- January 31, 2020 @ 2:59 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this exactly as the recipe called for and it is amazing. We will
definitely be adding this to our monthly menu.

  128. **Nancy Wall** -- January 28, 2020 @ 9:03 PM  Reply

Love this! Very tasty and tender chicken. Do you have nutrition info for the
recipe?

  129. **Sarah** -- January 25, 2020 @ 9:16 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Super yummy! Eaay instructions, very tender chicken and the whole family loved
it. I kinda changed up a bit by just adding a few tbps of coconut milk to the
peanut sauce, and because hubby didn't feel like grilling, I baked it on a
deep cookie sheet at 375 for like, idk 20 minutes or so? It smelled amazing
and the peanut sauce with fresh cilantro and slices cucumbers with jasmine
rice was a superb meal! Thanks!

  130. **Steven** -- December 31, 2019 @ 3:06 PM  Reply

Rated 2 out of 5

Good recipe, but a bit conflicting. The flavour of the marinated chicken is
quite powerful on its own. Good, but powerful. The main flavour of satay
chicken with peanut sauce should be the peanut sauce. The strong flavours of
the marinade and the sauce kind of clash together and doesn’t give the peanut
sauce enough spotlight.

    * **Raj** -- March 19, 2020 @ 1:44 PM  Reply

Chicken satay is not peanut sauce chicken. It is supposed to have a curry
flavour from the marinade. Peanut sauce is just a dip. I don't think you
understand what satay is. Mind you, I can eat spoonfuls of just the peanut
sauce on its own.

  131. **Deborah** -- December 31, 2019 @ 9:43 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I searched for 'the best chicken satay recipe' and this was one of many that
came up on Google. The picture was the thing that caused me to try this recipe
because I thought 'if this tastes half as good as it looks then it's going to
be a big success'. I wasn't disappointed at all, in fact this really is the
best chicken satay I have ever had, and believe me, I have tried a lot after
living in Singapore and travelling Asia for six years!! Thank you so much for
posting this recipe, I am really looking forward to trying out your other
recipes. Wising you a fantastic 2020!

  132. **Kat** -- November 19, 2019 @ 5:43 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I had too many things in the oven, so I used the marinade to boil my
drumsticks on the gas, and it turned into the most delicious chicken curry
soup you could imagine <3 But I was left with the Satay Sauce and not sure how
to use it haha

    * **Shannon** -- December 12, 2019 @ 2:43 PM  Reply

I haven't made this yet, but it's winter and I don't have access to a grill.
Will this turn out as yummy in the oven?

  133. **Nancy W** -- November 8, 2019 @ 10:13 AM  Reply

Is there a way to convert this to a freezer meal and would you cook it first
or freeze it raw? How would I cook it in the oven? Thanks!!

  134. **Kevin** -- November 2, 2019 @ 2:42 PM  Reply

I haven’t been able to find yellow curry powder. I found yellow curry paste,
does anyone know what the measurement should convert to. Thx!

    * **Ed Coleman** -- June 11, 2020 @ 11:22 AM  Reply

"Yellow curry powder" is basically the regular ol' "curry powder" you find in
the spices section at the grocery store. McCormick and Spice Island both make
it, but I prefer Penzey's (online).

  135. **Peta Poulton** -- October 10, 2019 @ 7:53 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Loved it!! For me, I would add some extra heat to the sauce, but this was DAMN
DELICIOUS!!

  136. **Julie Wollaston** -- October 7, 2019 @ 6:53 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

omg the best recipe EVER. so simple to make and tastes even better the day
after. this will certainly be on my menu list for the month.

  137. **Stephanie** -- October 7, 2019 @ 3:16 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This marinade is so simple and delicious! I feel like it made my chicken more
tender as well. We already had peanut sauce from a jar but next time I will
try that recipe too, I am sure it will be equally outstanding. Thank you!

  138. **Keri** -- October 5, 2019 @ 5:47 AM  Reply

I'm trying to figure out how to adapt for a non-grilling family (i.e. city
dwellers) because it looks delicious

    * **Stephanie** -- October 7, 2019 @ 3:17 PM  Reply

I just put them in a pan without skewers and they were perfect! No need to
grill

  139. **Sara** -- October 1, 2019 @ 10:50 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

The original receipt!

  140. **Conanbarbarella** -- September 30, 2019 @ 7:23 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

We had a restaurant that served these that we went to until it closed years
ago. My eleven year old asked me to make it and this recipe looked the
closest. It was awesome. I couldn’t easily get the yellow curry and chili
garlic sauce so I used the boxed Golden Curry and chili oil with minced
garlic. It ended up working rather well. I also put scallions on at the end.
My whole family loved it. Thank you!

  141. **Emily Grupp** -- September 28, 2019 @ 12:09 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

The chicken satay marinade is seriously so good. I marinated for about 24
hours and it was to die for. highly recommend!!

  142. **Caffeine Clicks** -- September 21, 2019 @ 9:20 AM  Reply

Making this tonight and serving with a side of white rice. Marinade already
smells great.

  143. **Winston** -- September 14, 2019 @ 6:02 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was fantastic. The marinade was so good that it can stand by itself
without the sauce.

  144. **Jennifer LeGrandeur** -- September 9, 2019 @ 4:05 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Good Lord….this recipe is unbelievable! My family devoured it in not time
flat. Honestly, I can say that of all the recipes of yours I've tried (and I
have tried many…..) this is a solid 15 out of 10. This was equally fantastic
with chicken AND with shrimp…(I had a bag of shrimp on hand and it was worth
it!) I made coconut rice to go with it and it was DIVINE! This will be added
to our rotation. Thanks for this absolute winner!! PS - I really have loved
all of your recipes. 🙂

  145. **Wally** -- September 8, 2019 @ 7:05 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Pretty much my go to satay recipe First time I made it at a party people stood
around in the kitchen macking this down. 5 stars

  146. **Ashley Green** -- September 5, 2019 @ 8:01 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

HOLY COW! SO DAMN GOOD. I will say, I ran out of skewers, so I decided just to
whip up some simple asian rice in the instant pot, and I put this chicken and
sauce on top and oh. my. god. I think it may be the most delicious thing ever.
The peanut lime sauce soaked into that rice and mixed with the awesome chicken
marinade, I WAS IN HEAVEN. My THREE year old said, "Mmmm this is so NOMMY!"
Nommy is right, folks .

  147. **Lauren** -- September 2, 2019 @ 7:17 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I found this recipe a few weeks ago and I've already made it three times. The
marinade leaves the chicken moist and packed with flavor while the peanut
sauce is just delicious! We have this with brown rice and some carrots and
broccoli. Thanks for an awesome recipe!

  148. **Angela Celentano** -- September 2, 2019 @ 11:27 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I love this marinade! The only change I made was swapping sour cream for
coconut milk It makes the chicken stay so moist and flavorful . I really like
the curry .Instead of having lo mein noodles as a side, I made spaghetti
squash to keep the calories in check. I will be making this weekly. I
absolutely love these flavors! Thank you for your recipes!

  149. **Riley D Young** -- August 19, 2019 @ 7:10 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I grilled this over an open wood fire. The best chicken satay I have ever has
by far, my girlfriend agrees.

  150. **Bianca** -- August 19, 2019 @ 9:45 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Really love this recipe! Paired it with coconut rice and it was delicious!

Do you happen to know if it freezes well while in the marinade? Thanks!

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- August 19, 2019 @ 10:40 AM  Reply

Freezing sounds like an amazing idea but unfortunately, I cannot answer this
with certainty as I have never tried freezing this myself. Please use your
best judgment for freezing and reheating.

    * **Jen Johnson** -- July 4, 2020 @ 11:32 AM  Reply

I made the marinade and froze the chicken in it, then after thawing in the
fridge for a day, I grilled it on the BBQ. It came out delicious! I didn’t
have any issues with freezing it in the marinade.

  151. **Deb** -- August 18, 2019 @ 4:13 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Excellent dish! I didn't have coconut milk, so I used unsweetened almond milk.
Thanks for giving me an easy but exotic meal I could make for my family
dinner. 🙂

  152. **Nancy Chamberlin** -- August 8, 2019 @ 6:05 PM  Reply

Could you make this recipe without fish sauce? ( allergies in our family).
Thanks, Nancy

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- August 9, 2019 @ 7:25 AM  Reply

Yes, you can omit the fish sauce to suit your family's dietary restrictions. 🙂  

  153. **Daniel** -- July 14, 2019 @ 8:24 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I actually made this twice in two weeks. I liked it that much. The first time
I followed the recipe fairly closely and used the listed chicken thighs and
peanut butter. The second time I used chicken breast. For the peanut sauce I
used PBFit instead. Perhaps it was that I just knew what I was doing a little
bit better (I am a very, very inexperienced cook). I personally preferred the
chicken breast. It was less work on my part because I didn't have to trim much
fat.

Regardless, it's really good!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- July 15, 2019 @ 8:19 AM  Reply

Thanks so much for sharing, Daniel! We're so happy to hear this one is a
keeper for you! 🙂

  154. **Eve** -- July 9, 2019 @ 6:29 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I didn't get to grill these the first time and even without the charcoal
grilled goodness, they were delicious. My husband is not a big fan of chicken,
but ate every bite and loved the peanut sauce. I can't wait to grill these
next time.

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- July 9, 2019 @ 7:22 PM  Reply

The peanut sauce is my favorite! 🙂

  155. **Tiffany** -- July 8, 2019 @ 8:38 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This recipe is Amazingly good and everyone in the family scraped their plates
clean! Even my little kids loved it. Thank you!!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- July 8, 2019 @ 9:50 AM  Reply

That's so great! Thanks for sharing, Tiffany!

  156. **Marci Ameluxen** -- July 5, 2019 @ 6:16 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

We have nut allergies in our family, so tonight I used SunButter (sunflower
butter) instead of peanut butter and the sauce was delicious! Thanks!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- July 6, 2019 @ 12:04 PM  Reply

I bet that tasted so great!

  157. **Laurie** -- July 3, 2019 @ 12:37 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was absolutely amazing! I marinated it overnight. The peanut sauce is
delicious too! The flavors are perfect together, will definitely make this
again!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- July 4, 2019 @ 2:08 PM  Reply

We love it! Thanks, Laurie! 🙂

  158. **Diana** -- July 2, 2019 @ 8:21 AM  Reply

Did you use canned coconut milk? Not the beverage?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- July 2, 2019 @ 8:46 AM  Reply

Yes, that is correct. 🙂

  159. **Katherine Fernandez** -- June 30, 2019 @ 7:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

this was delicious! I didn't even end up using the peanut sauce because the
chicken was so flavorful. I served it with veggies and over coconut rice. I
have to figure out how to adapt this to a curry sauce!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- July 1, 2019 @ 9:53 AM  Reply

That's a great way to serve it, Katherine! Thanks for sharing with us!

  160. **Kim** -- June 29, 2019 @ 3:27 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This looks great! I also pulled the vegetable spring rolls and see they both
have the same peanut sauce. Do you think this sauce will keep? I could make
double and have two meals with one batch of creamy peanut sauce!  
Thx

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- June 29, 2019 @ 3:59 PM  Reply

What a great idea, Kim! The peanut sauce should keep in the refrigerator for a
few days at least but as I am not an expert on food safety, I cannot really
say with certainty. Methods for optimal food storage and shelf life should be
based on good judgment and what you are personally comfortable with. Hope that
helps! 🙂

  161. **BB** -- June 26, 2019 @ 10:17 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Can't wait to make this, but should I buy Thai yellow curry powder or paste,
or the Indian madras curry powder? Thanks! Love your recipes, make them all
the time 🙂

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 27, 2019 @ 10:35 AM  Reply

You can use either, but we used madras curry powder, which is available at
most grocery stores.

  162. **Terri** -- June 24, 2019 @ 9:20 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My middle guy (25 YO) is quite the foodie. He took a bite and says "What is
this sauce, peanut? Its amazing!!" LOL Mom and Damn Delicious for the win!!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 24, 2019 @ 10:32 AM  Reply

Amazing! Glad you scored a win, Terri!

  163. **Emily** -- June 21, 2019 @ 6:44 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Oh my word - we just had this for dinner tonight, and it was OUT OF THIS
WORLD! Now a firm family favorite, and one I see going straight into rotation.
Thank you!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 22, 2019 @ 10:03 AM  Reply

That's such a great compliment, Emily! Thanks for sharing!

  164. **Emily** -- June 20, 2019 @ 6:56 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Don't miss out on the peanut sauce! So good! I let the chicken marinate all
day and it was perfect.

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 21, 2019 @ 8:32 AM  Reply

Yes, it's the best part of the recipe!

  165. **Becky** -- June 19, 2019 @ 4:42 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I baked this at 450 degrees for 15-20 minutes and served it white basmati rice
and roasted zucchini with the peanut sauce drizzled on top! It was delicious!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 19, 2019 @ 6:42 PM  Reply

What an amazing way to do it, Becky!

  166. **Sim** -- June 18, 2019 @ 9:03 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious recipes  
Thank you

  167. **Sim** -- June 18, 2019 @ 9:01 AM  Reply

I don’t have a grill.  
Can you cook them on stovetop  
Thank you.  
Looks delicious

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- June 18, 2019 @ 9:27 AM  Reply

Absolutely!

  168. **Michelle** -- June 18, 2019 @ 4:51 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made for Father's day and it turned out amazing!! Served it with your
marinated roasted vegetable recipe and basmati rice. Sauce was incredible!
Will make again! Thank you!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 18, 2019 @ 11:12 AM  Reply

Those are great side dishes for this! Thanks for sharing, Michelle!

  169. **Laura** -- June 15, 2019 @ 7:26 AM  Reply

Can the peanut sauce be made with crunchy peanut butter? I bought the wrong
kind….

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- June 15, 2019 @ 10:29 AM  Reply

Sure! 🙂

  170. **Sammi** -- June 14, 2019 @ 8:17 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This marinade is out of this world. Made this for dinner this week and it was
delicious! Going to definitely be going into regular rotation.

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 14, 2019 @ 8:52 AM  Reply

We love that! Thanks, Sammi! 🙂

  171. **Deana** -- June 11, 2019 @ 10:22 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made as written - absolutely delicious. Served over coconut jasmine rice with
quick stir fried veggies, this recipe is a keeper!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 12, 2019 @ 9:51 AM  Reply

Great additions, Deana!

  172. **Madelaine** -- June 11, 2019 @ 9:53 AM  Reply

I'm making this tonight! What's the difference between curry powder and yellow
curry powder. I have curry powder - can I use that as a substitute?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- June 11, 2019 @ 10:33 AM  Reply

Yes, you can absolutely use curry powder, Madelaine. 🙂

  173. **Brooke** -- June 10, 2019 @ 3:23 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This recipe is so good. Ingredients aren’t crazy and it comes together really
easily. I grilled some veggie skewers as well and it was a good compliment to
the dish. I didn’t have chili garlic cause and used sriricha instead and the
sauce was still delicious. Thanks for the great recipe for this bored cook!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 11, 2019 @ 11:43 AM  Reply

I bet the veggies were a delicious side dish. Thanks for sharing, Brooke! 🙂

  174. **Betty** -- June 10, 2019 @ 12:54 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Tried this and it was worth it. It was easy and very tasty packed with flavor.
I do like spice level 4 so I had to add red pepper flakes to take it up a
notch.

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 11, 2019 @ 11:45 AM  Reply

We're so glad you enjoyed this so much, Betty!

  175. **Chione** -- June 9, 2019 @ 12:27 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Very tasty and easy to make! I marinated the chicken for 3 hours and
definitely noticed the flavors in the chicken meat itself. The only
substitution I made was powdered ginger instead of fresh ginger root because I
didn't have any on hand. I doubled the recipe and doubled the sauce -- the
amounts were great.

We did find the peanut sauce a little too "peanut-y" for us. I made a package
of Conimex chicken satay sauce as well and we unanimously decided that a
mixture of this sauce and the Conimex sauce was the best balance for us.

Another great recipe Chungah!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 9, 2019 @ 7:13 PM  Reply

We’re so glad you enjoyed the recipe! 🙂

  176. **Zané** -- June 8, 2019 @ 8:48 PM  Reply

This sounds amazing! I’ll have to try it soon. I love your photography!  
One question - the recipe says to season with salt & pepper to taste in step
5. It seems there are salty ingredients (soy sauce and fish sauce) in the
marinade already. Have you found that an extra sprinkle of salt is necessary
before grilling? I would be afraid to over-salt it the first time I make it.
Thanks!

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- June 9, 2019 @ 4:44 AM  Reply

That’s a great question! I personally do not add any salt into the marinade
myself (I actually never add salt whenever possible as I prefer less-salted
foods) so it really just depends on personal preference. 🙂

  177. **Carrie** -- June 8, 2019 @ 1:15 PM  Reply

I love your recipes soooo much, and I trust them enough that I am not afraid
to make them for company without testing first! They’re always a hit.  
One question here though - what is chili garlic sauce? Is there away to make
it?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- June 8, 2019 @ 4:58 PM  Reply

Chili garlic sauce is very similar to sambal oelek, but with garlic and a
super secret garlic seasoning. Ingredients are as follows: chili, salt,
garlic, distilled vinegar, potassium sorbate and sodium bisulfite as
preservatives, and xantham gum. The sauce is a coarsely ground blend of
jalapeno chili peppers, salt, garlic, and vinegar.

This is available in most grocery stores in the Asian food aisle.

  178. **Ellen Turner** -- June 8, 2019 @ 12:37 PM  Reply

Can you replace chicken thigh with chicken breast? Will the chicken dry out?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- June 8, 2019 @ 12:54 PM  Reply

Yes, absolutely, but it is truly best to use chicken thighs here. 🙂

  179. **SY** -- June 8, 2019 @ 12:08 PM  Reply

How long in the oven, at how many degrees? Grill pans scare me

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- June 8, 2019 @ 12:57 PM  Reply

What a great idea! But unfortunately, without having tried this myself, I
cannot answer with certainty. But if you get a chance to try it, please let me
know how it turns out! 🙂

  180. **eileen** -- June 8, 2019 @ 9:43 AM  Reply

Looks Delicious

Can you substitute the coconut milk with almond milk or water?

Thank You

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- June 8, 2019 @ 11:10 AM  Reply

What a great idea! But unfortunately, without having tried this myself, I
cannot answer with certainty. But if you get a chance to try it, please let me
know how it turns out! 🙂

Come join me in my culinary adventures where we'll be using **simple, fresh
ingredients** and transforming them into _sophisticated and elegant meals_ for
the **everyday home cook**.

More About Me »

Get your copy today:

Amazon // Barnes & Noble  // Indiebound

Get your copy today:

Amazon // Barnes & Noble  // Indiebound

## Search Recipes:

__Search

## Get the _Latest Recipes_ Right in your Inbox:

## What's Trending

## Get the _Latest recipes_ right in your inbox:

Sign Up __

  * ^ Top
  * Home
  * About
  * Browse Recipes
  * Press
  * Team
  * Privacy
  * Contact

(C)2022 __Damn Delicious. Design byPurr.

