https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231307/chicken-satay-with-peanut-sauce/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Thai
  6. Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

# Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.5

114 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 84 
  * 4 star values: 18 
  * 3 star values: 8 
  * 2 star values: 3 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 114 Ratings 
  * 88 Reviews 
  * 15 Photos 

Flavorful Thai-style chicken skewers are topped with a sweet and spicy peanut
sauce. Serve with white rice for a complete meal!

Recipe by Allrecipes

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce Derek Dawson

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce totojun

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce maria666

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce jarro

\+ 11 11 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

20 mins

additional:

2 hrs

total:

2 hrs 40 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

8 skewers

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ½ cup unsweetened coconut milk 
  * 2 teaspoons yellow curry powder 
  * 1 teaspoon white sugar 
  * 1 teaspoon fish sauce 
  * ½ teaspoon granulated garlic 
  * 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into strips 
  * 8 skewers 
  * 2 tablespoons olive oil 
  * ¾ cup unsweetened coconut milk 
  * 1 tablespoon yellow curry powder 
  * ½ cup chicken broth 
  * ¼ cup creamy peanut butter 
  * 1 tablespoon white sugar 
  * 1 tablespoon lime juice 
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Combine 1/2 cup coconut milk, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1
teaspoon fish sauce, and granulated garlic in a bowl; add chicken pieces and
toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Thread marinated chicken pieces onto skewers.

  * Step 3

Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook chicken skewers
in hot oil until browned and no longer pink in the center, 3 to 4 minutes on
each side.

  * Step 4

Bring 3/4 cup coconut milk to a simmer in small saucepan or skillet over
medium heat. Stir 1 tablespoon curry powder into the coconut milk and simmer
for 4 minutes. Add chicken broth, peanut butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, lime
juice, and 1 tablespoon fish sauce; simmer for 1 minute. Serve dipping sauce
with chicken skewers.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

466 calories; protein 31.7g; carbohydrates 12.1g; fat 34g; cholesterol 69.9mg;
sodium 655.1mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (88)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Chere

Rating: 5 stars

07/02/2013

We thought this was fabulous-followed the recipe exactly! The sauce was
outstanding. I served it with the Jasmine Coconut rice and Asian cucumber
salad from this site. The sauce was great mixed in with the rice!

Read More

Helpful (28)

### Most helpful critical review

sarah

Rating: 3 stars

03/12/2013

not quite as flavorful as I expected with all the effort put in. All in all,
it was good.

Read More

Helpful (5)

114 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 84 
  * 4 star values: 18 
  * 3 star values: 8 
  * 2 star values: 3 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Chere

Rating: 5 stars

07/02/2013

We thought this was fabulous-followed the recipe exactly! The sauce was
outstanding. I served it with the Jasmine Coconut rice and Asian cucumber
salad from this site. The sauce was great mixed in with the rice!

Lee

Rating: 4 stars

04/02/2013

Very good. The peanut sauce is divine. I grilled the chicken using metal
skewers. Don't over cook the chicken as it will get dry.

Tara Dowdy

Rating: 5 stars

06/21/2013

Nice balance of spice and peanut taste. I served it with Jasmine rice and thai
cucumber salad. I will definitely make this again. Even my picky seven year
old loved it.

Tina

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2015

Made this tonight for dinner and thought it was really good. The chicken was
tender and the peanut sauce was delicious. Next time will add some red pepper
flakes for a little heat. Thank you for sharing!

Baking Nana

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

11/01/2014

Very, very good. I added a teaspoon of sambal (chili garlic paste) to add a
little more spice. We really enjoyed this. Thanks!

gourmand1

Rating: 5 stars

05/14/2013

Simple directions and great flavor!

ChefScout

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2015

Followed the recipe EXACTLY, as I always do the first time I try a new one to
be fair to the person who posted the recipe. It was FREAKIN DELICIOUS!!! The
chicken was so flavorful and the sauce was delicious. Seriously as good as any
I have had at a Thai restaurant, and I have been to many. I'm sure some minor
substitutions could be made without totally fouling up the flavor but do
yourself a favor and try this as written first. You will not be disappointed.
*If you like extra sauce to pour over the rice make sure to double the sauce
recipe.

sarah

Rating: 3 stars

03/12/2013

not quite as flavorful as I expected with all the effort put in. All in all,
it was good.

monica

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2015

Brilliant! The only other thing I did was to soak the wooden skewers in cold
water to stop them burning. I also left the chicken in the fridge over night.
Lovely flavour.

Kimi

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2015

I used the broiler. Yummy!

Bart Jasiewicz

Rating: 3 stars

03/19/2015

I did not like the peanut sauce, it contained too much peanut butter for my
taste, took away too much flavor from all the other ingredients. Maybe next
time I'll try with half the amount.

Michelle

Rating: 5 stars

06/17/2013

Delicious. I made fried tofu with same marinade and sauce. I would suggest
having lots of fresh lime on hand.

BakerBee

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2015

I make this recipe often. I marinate the chicken overnight and I find the
chicken is more tender and flavorful. Also, I use chunky peanut butter in the
dipping sauce which gives it a nice crunch. I cook my rice with coconut milk
and water and serve the chicken with lettuce leaves for wrapping. One bite and
you feel like you're in Thailand! Delicious and makes for good leftovers.
curry and peanut butter = yum!

Brian Bower

Rating: 5 stars

12/13/2016

Very good, loved it. I didn't have Fish sauce so I used a 1:1 combination of
Soy Sauce and Worcestershire Sauce. Adding it to my fav recipes list

Mary Beasley

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2015

I make this often as it is my youngest son's favourite Thai dish. The peanut
sauce is fabulous and I choose to marinate the chicken for at least 4-5 hours.
Thanks for posting.

liquidsource

Rating: 5 stars

03/03/2015

I used brown sugar. Would recommend adding a little cayenne next time. And use
less sugar.

Taylor M. Murphy

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2015

Loved the video and very easy to make. I had all the ingredients but the lime
juice. I substituted Stevia for the sugar and used brown rice instead.

mahooper

Rating: 3 stars

03/02/2015

Was okay ... I had to leave out the fish sauce (I don't like fish or anything
that resembles it!) and not sure what I could have substituted for that as I
am sure that would have added to the flavor. Any suggestions for substituting
fish sauce?

Smartmom

Rating: 5 stars

05/16/2019

This is an excellent recipe! I made it so we could have homemade Vietnamese
food. I served it over rice vermicelli with shredded raw carrots and cabbage
and poured some of the peanut sauce on top. Definitely going to save this
recipe!

Alia

Rating: 5 stars

02/14/2019

Thank you for this recipe. It was very good. The food was tasty and I liked
the mild spice level and creamy texture of the sauce. I've never used fish
sauce. As a result of not having any, I omitted this in the marinade and only
realized after tasting a piece of cooked chicken, that the recipe got its
salty taste from the fish sauce. So I used 1/4 tsp salt in the sauce and it
worked out well! ????

Pamela Lynne

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2015

Excellent meal,easy to prepare and so good. Recommend making your own peanut
butter or using an organic, natural peanut butter.

WOODSTCK

Rating: 5 stars

05/01/2019

Awesome - add cilantro for an even deeper flavor!

Erika Broadway

Rating: 5 stars

05/18/2019

I really liked it! I should have read the directions the morning of the day I
made it, because I ended up not having enough time to refrigerate the chicken.
It just ended up being a little bland, but the peanut sauce made up for it and
the entire dish was otherwise super delicious!

Steph

Rating: 5 stars

03/03/2015

Easy to fix and amazing taste. Also, this is the first peanut sauce that I
actually liked.

4Travelers

Rating: 5 stars

05/04/2015

This was good exactly as written. The sauce is what its all about for my
family so after tasting the first batch it was good but a little watered down,
good for serving over rice but not so much for a dipping sauce. So I did a
second batch of sauce without the chicken stock and adding in a little hot
sauce. Will be making often.

jog4me

Rating: 5 stars

03/31/2015

Delicious! I followed the recipe exactly EXCEPT I didn't put the chicken on
skewers. I sprayed my nonstick skillet with pam and cooked the chicken turning
as needed. Saved calories not using the oil! Thanks for the recipe.

Amanda McCall

Rating: 5 stars

09/02/2015

Absolutely amazing. Threw broccoli in with the chicken in a frying pan and ate
over rice.

Demogorgon

Rating: 5 stars

08/30/2018

Loved it. Wish I used higher quality peanut butter the first time though, as
the cheap stuff lacked flavor.

Cindy Sherry-Cassel

Rating: 4 stars

08/12/2019

Satay was one of my favorite dishes at a restaurant I frequented in Seattle,
WA, so I was eager to try this recipe. I was not disappointed at all - it was
just like the restaurant version. I served it the first time over rice noodles
then, for the leftovers I used Chow Mein Noodles, just for the "crunch"
factor. Next time, and there will be next time, I'm going to try, cubing the
marinated chicken and grilling them on skewers with tomatoes, instead of using
the oven. .

Aimee Bakes

Rating: 5 stars

09/08/2020

I used a little less peanut butter for the dipping sauce...only because I ran
out...and we thought it tasted great. The only other change I made was cooking
the chicken. I used an air fryer. I just placed a piece of aluminum foil first
and my fryer came with skewers and a holding rack which cooked the chicken to
perfection! I cooked at 375° for 20 minutes.

karin

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2015

Made this for dinner. It was so good. I served it with Asian coconut rice.

Kiki

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2020

Delicious. I didn't have curry powder so substituted with turmeric, cumin,
chili powder, parsley, and pepper. Marinated for about 4 hours. The chicken
was great!

Ursula Voges

Rating: 5 stars

12/29/2018

This was my first time making Chicken satay, it turned out wonderful, so moist
and tasty. I did take advice from other reviews, I was making this as an
appetizer so I didn't add the chicken broth and added more peanut butter so
the dipping sauce was thicker. I will definitely make this again!

kim

Rating: 5 stars

02/08/2019

It was a hit! I’ll make a bigger batch next time.

Portland Trisha

Rating: 5 stars

08/07/2018

This was so easy and turned out so delicious I am sure this will become a
favorite on our dinner table . . . . . or lunch . . . . or brunch. . . . or
even a snack

Kay Fung Chen

Rating: 5 stars

10/17/2018

Next time:

Culinary HitMan®

Rating: 5 stars

03/31/2017

I changed it up a little didn't add the sugar and added garlic. It was
bombastic!!! All my friends ate it up. Great recipe!!!

duckiewhomp

Rating: 5 stars

08/23/2015

This is a great dish! I used a fresh (ground from whole spices less than a
month ago) madras curry in both the sauce and the marinade. And I used Three
Crabs brand fish sauce (it's the best). SAUCE REVIEW: Next time, I'm going to
use water instead of chicken broth, omit the sugar, and up the amount of
peanut butter to 1/3 cup. This sauce is going to be great on many things!
CHICKEN REVIEW: I used plain yogurt instead of coconut milk in the marinade
(because that's how most of my satay recipes go). I threw a piece on a hot
grill after marinating for 6 hours and i decided it wasn't quite long enough.
I would recommend overnight, or throw it together before work for that night's
dinner. Great color and grill marks though!

MichelleG

Rating: 5 stars

12/04/2015

Chicken marinade gives the chicken good flavor. I missed soy a little and
might try that with it next time too. The peanut/curry sauce is great for
dipping! Not the kind of satay sauce I'd use on a thai pizza personally due to
the curry flavor, but I love it for dipping my chicken skewers!

Momof3

Rating: 4 stars

04/15/2017

The meat was tender and had a beautifiul color, but it tasted kind of bland.
The dipping sauce was necessary to spice it up. The next time I will use the
dipping sauce as my marinade and grill it. The only change I made to the
recipe was to add 1/4 cup more chicken broth and a little hot sauce to give it
some heat. Not all coconut milk are the same texture. Mine was thicker so I
had to add more broth. We served it with rice. The dipping sauce was good over
the rice, too.

Tripti

Rating: 3 stars

09/03/2015

The recipe was very easy to follow. However, I found the chicken was a little
dry and not very flavourful- it needed more salt. Also the sauce definitely
needed more peanuts and maybe lesser curry powder. I might try a variation of
this recipe next time.

lwllc

Rating: 5 stars

04/05/2015

Excellent recipe just as good as a Thai Restaurant. Only change I made was to
use PBJ instead of regular peanut butter. It tastes as good but minus the
extra calories

Badgerfan79

Rating: 5 stars

05/10/2015

My wife really wanted to go to our local Thai restaurant on Mother's Day but
they are closed on Sundays. I made this recipe exactly as described along with
some white rice and grilled vegetables. She absolutely loved it. The kids
loved the chicken but were lukewarm on the sauce but they aren't big on rich
sauces. The only issue I had was that the sauce was very watery. I added some
cornstarch until I got it to the right consistency. I also added some cayenne
to my own ramekin of sauce for a little heat. I will definitely make this
again but will try a little less broth.

samarlachini

Rating: 5 stars

06/16/2019

This was a delicious recipe. Everyone loved it! Thanks for sharing with great
video.

SooAh

Rating: 5 stars

02/24/2019

delicious as is.

wolfcheater

Rating: 5 stars

08/18/2015

This was awesome! I did some minor changes to save time on prep and cooking
time. 1) To save on time, I used tenderloins instead of cutting a chicken
breast into strips. 2) TIP: Thread the chicken pieces in skewers only if
you're going to grill them. It doesn't make sense to thread them and then cook
them in a skillet. 3) The store I went to only had Madras Curry. This specific
brand is not as spicy so I used a lot more than the recipe called for. 4) I
only had crunchy peanut butter on hand so that's what I used and the extra
crunch was a hit with my husband. I don't think I made major changes. But it
really is a very simple and easy recipe!

Rebekah Konn

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2020

This sauce was a winner. I excluded the no vegetarian ingredients and served
it over stirfry. It was still great. I made it for someone who "doesn't
usually like this kind of thing" and they thought it was delicious. Great dish
for parties as it was quick and easy to prepare.

Tracy Solberg

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2016

Love this recipe and have made it numerous time to rave reviews! Tastes
outstanding! Trying it on beef tonight! :)

Nayda Martinez-odigie

Rating: 5 stars

07/14/2018

Wow delicious! And children approved! They loved it! Thank you!

Yvonne Fawehinmi

Rating: 5 stars

05/01/2016

This is by far the best I have ever made. I followed the recipe exactly. I
will make this over and over again.

TechBoyBen

Rating: 4 stars

08/19/2019

I made this a week ago, froze half of it (dinner prep), and at the other half
fresh. Both the fresh and the rewarmed frozen leftovers were awesome! I'm
about to make 24 servings of it for future dinners and freeze them again. This
time around, I'm leaving out the added sugar in the sauce (it was a bit sweet
for us) and I'm going to swap out Hoisin sauce for the fish sauce for a little
more complexity of flavor, and I'll cut back a little on the coconut milk to
make it thicker and a little less sweet (not much though). Great recipe!
Thanks for sharing it!

Craig Koznek

Rating: 5 stars

11/13/2019

No changes to this recipe it was fine just the way it is. The Peanut sauce is
fantastic also. I will make this combo again.

roongoon

Rating: 5 stars

10/10/2018

Great recipe! The peanut sauce was divine and comes together super quick. I
accidentally added an extra tablespoon of curry, but I did not regret it. It
gave it a little more kick . I also didn't have any lime juice and didn't miss
it. Be sure to use natural peanut butter.

earwigsmom

Rating: 4 stars

12/18/2018

very good. Lots of ingredients, but great flavor.

Lynda

Rating: 5 stars

10/06/2017

This was fabulous! I have never made anything like this before and it turned
out great. The whole family loved it. it was actually quite easy and the
flavor and texture perfect. Made it with the Zen Garden Pad Thai from this
site, perfect combination, definitely worth trying !

Langlay

Rating: 5 stars

08/18/2020

Excellent! My first try at satay! Amazing flavor! Of course, I did make some
personal changes. The marinade was as is, and fabulous. I did marinate for 7
hours, and worth it! The peanut sauce was great, but only a bit too sweet for
me, so I added some soy sauce and red chili paste, to taste. I also used
chunky peanut butter, and halved the amount of sugars. Excellent recipe and
sauce! Thank you!

coy

Rating: 4 stars

06/10/2018

I used Madras curry since it was the only curry available at the store I went
to. Still came out pretty good and not as spicy; just how I like it.

Dori

Rating: 5 stars

12/31/2018

AMAZING!!! The whole family loved this. My three vegetarian kids still love
this .... I just eat their extra chicken skewers! Its really good the next
day, easy to make, no strange ingredients. One of my favorite meals to make .

Audg

Rating: 5 stars

04/04/2015

This was delicious! I wish I had doubled the recipe. I let them marinate
overnight. I served them with a Thai cucumber salad and jasmine rice.

AMK

Rating: 5 stars

07/29/2015

This turned out very well I will make it again.

TinaH

Rating: 5 stars

07/21/2016

Spicy and yummy! I will definately make this again.

Sue

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2021

The family enjoyed the satay chicken. I added 1 Tbs low sodium soy sauce and
an extra 1/2 tsp lime juice to peanut sauce. Simmered it a little longer than
required to thicken. Excellent. This dish received (a keeper) award by my
husband and adult son!!! Thank you-

Samantha Patterson

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2015

Simple and amazing. Truly a glorious addition to my meal prep. It takes almost
no time to make and still tastes amazing even a couple days later.

MTR

Rating: 5 stars

01/22/2017

Great recipe! Straight forward and easy to make. Very tasty; like what you
would expect from a Thai takeaway. Definitely worth trying.

zookeeper32

Rating: 2 stars

05/21/2017

I don't understand the high reviews for this recipe. My family loves Thai food
and I was so excited to make this, but found it to be so incredibly bland and
unflavorful that no matter how I tried to doctor it up, it just was not good.
All thumbs down with the family. Would be a one star if I didn't work on it to
make it edible.

Saveur

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2019

These were yummy and the sauce was very good. I made the recipe as written . I
was a little worried about the sauce being too runny with so much liquid, but
after simmering it thickened up nicely. Great summer entertaining recipe.
Thanks for sharing, AR.

ednprod

Rating: 5 stars

06/25/2015

Very Good and easy to do. I do not use skewers because I find them a waste of
time. Great with the recipe Peanut Sauce II off Allrecipes.com

Zubrod

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2017

I cooked the chicken skewers on the grill instead of the stovetop. I let them
cool and served them as a cold Hors d'oeuvre with the sauce room temp.
DELICIOUS

madeleine_rose

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2016

I've made this several times with both creamy and crunchy peanut butter. For a
smooth sauce creamy is a must, but I found I liked little bits of peanut
crunch that using the crunchy peanut butter provided. Either way this is easy
and delicious.

Joy C

Rating: 4 stars

11/05/2019

Needs some cracked red pepper.....

Jacob Cota

Rating: 5 stars

08/14/2018

Delicious

Mermaid62

Rating: 5 stars

06/25/2016

Just made the sauce for this recipe to go with stirfry veggies--zucchini,
mushrooms, snow peas, carrots, and water chestnuts. It was AWESOME!!! The only
change I made was that I used brown sugar instead of white, and Roses lime
juice instead of fresh lime. I will most definitely make this again, soon!

nicole

Rating: 4 stars

09/26/2018

pretty good . I used less curry than the recipe calls for so it wouldn't be to
strong for my family .

Kalyna

Rating: 5 stars

06/30/2018

This was a big hit with my family. The only thing I did different was to broil
the chicken instead of pan fry it. And I think I added more curry powder. I
didn't really measure it. But it was a great recipe and I will definitely make
it again.

bbqsauls

Rating: 3 stars

05/26/2017

I made the sauce, only, to go with some leftover chicken I had on hand. I
followed the recipe exactly, and the sauce, while good, didn't taste of much
more than curry powder. It lost the subtle flavors of the coconut and lime
that I expected. I then realized that I had half-a can of coconut milk
leftover that would probably go bad before I used it again, so I doubled the
recipe but didn't add any additional curry powder, and was very pleased with
the results. I'd make the sauce again, halving the curry powder, and I look
forward to making the dish in its entirety.

Harry

Rating: 2 stars

01/09/2016

I am sorry to say that no one liked it out of 10 guests. The chicken was plain
and the sauce wasn't good at all.

newmexjags

Rating: 5 stars

08/15/2018

This is amazing!!! I followed the recipe as written except grilled the chicken
skewers on a grill mat. Served with rice and a salad. So good! The peanut
flavor isn't overpowering, which I like. Alot of layers of flavor. Will
definitely make again!

danielle

Rating: 3 stars

04/04/2020

Not as flavorful as I had hoped, despite the easy prep.

Marygin

Rating: 5 stars

08/17/2015

I made them just following the instructions. Came out delicious

laura

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2017

Great recipe easy to do and delist.

screpinsek

Rating: 5 stars

04/13/2016

The whole family loved it. The sauce made double what was needed for dipping.

Sherry

Rating: 5 stars

09/20/2020

I did not have fish sauce so substituted oyster sauce. Did not use skewers,
just simmered chicken pieces in pan for about 10 minutes. Served this dish
with coconut rice also made from this site. Everything came together and
looked beautiful when plated. Delicious!

Laboca

Rating: 4 stars

06/26/2018

Have had eaten better chicken satays

Kris Woods

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2019

Yummy!!! I used red curry because I didn’t have any yellow curry and it was
delicious! Served with jasmine rice and sautéed carrots, red peppers and
broccoli.

Thomas Cota

Rating: 5 stars

08/14/2018

delicious

bcobb35

Rating: 4 stars

02/16/2018

No changes made. Also made Cocanut rice to serve along as a side.

Christine Cusick

Rating: 5 stars

07/25/2021

This one was easy and very flavorful. The only thing I did different was to
make double the dipping sauce. We will always sauce things up!

Daniel Nilssen

Rating: 2 stars

12/16/2020

The chicken was ok but the sauce was not good. Will not make this again.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

##  All Reviews for Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 466.2  

% Daily Value *

protein:  31.7g  63 %

carbohydrates:  12.1g  4 %

dietary fiber:  2.7g  11 %

sugars:  6.1g

fat:  34g  52 %

saturated fat:  17g  85 %

cholesterol:  69.9mg  23 %

vitamin a iu:  45.4IU  1 %

niacin equivalents:  19.9mg  153 %

vitamin b6:  0.6mg  40 %

vitamin c:  2.2mg  4 %

folate:  31.6mcg  8 %

calcium:  47.3mg  5 %

iron:  4.4mg  24 %

magnesium:  96mg  34 %

potassium:  532.9mg  15 %

sodium:  655.1mg  26 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  10 %

calories from fat:  305.6

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 88

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

1 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

Derek Dawson

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

2 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

totojun

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

3 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

maria666

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

4 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

jarro

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

5 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

Biodroid

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

6 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

Ursula Voges

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

7 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

nicole

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

8 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

bcobb35

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

9 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

brighteyes411

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

10 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

richsmithuk

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

11 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

Loveleecakeshop

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

12 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

jax

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

13 of 15 Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

Baking Nana

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

