https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/chicken-satay-peanut-sauce


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce

# Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce

Rating: 5 stars

1260 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 1256 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 4 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 1,260 Ratings 
  * 4 Reviews 

These deliciously spiced grilled chicken skewers are perfect with a sweet-and-
tangy peanut sauce. **Slideshow:** More Southeast Asian Recipes

Best New Chef 2012: Bryant Ng

By Bryant Ng

April 2012

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce

Credit: (C) Jonny Valiant

## Recipe Summary

active:

1 hr

total:

1 hr 30 mins

Yield:

8

Advertisement

## Ingredients

satay

  * 3 plump lemongrass stalks--bottom 8 inches only, outer layer removed, stalk cut into 2-inch lengths 
  * 2 large shallots, coarsely chopped 
  * 2 large garlic cloves 
  * 1/3 cup light brown sugar 
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons ground coriander 
  * 1 tablespoon ground cumin 
  * 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric 
  * 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce 
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons kosher salt 
  * 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for grilling 
  * 4 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1-inch pieces 

peanut sauce

  * 1/4 cup canola oil 
  * 4 medium shallots, thinly sliced (3/4 cup) 
  * 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced 
  * 1 plump lemongrass stalk--bottom 8 inches only, outer layer removed, stalk cut into 2-inch lengths 
  * 1 jalapeño, thinly sliced 
  * 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger 
  * 1 1/2 cups unsalted roasted peanuts 
  * 1/2 cup unsweetened coconut milk 
  * 2 tablespoons light brown sugar 
  * 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice 
  * 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce 
  * Pinch of crushed red pepper 

##  Directions

prepare the satay

  * Step 1

In a food processor, combine the lemongrass, shallots, garlic, brown sugar,
coriander, cumin, turmeric, fish sauce, salt and the 2 tablespoons of canola
oil and process to a paste. Transfer the marinade to a bowl and add the
chicken, gently tossing to coat each piece. Thread the coated chicken pieces
onto 12-inch skewers and refrigerate for 30 minutes and up to 1 hour.

Advertisement

meanwhile, prepare the peanut sauce

  * Step 1

In a medium saucepan, heat the canola oil. Add the shallots, garlic,
lemongrass, jalapeño and ginger and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until
the aromatics are softened and browned, about 10 minutes. Scrape the mixture
into a food processor. Add all of the remaining ingredients along with 1/2 cup
of water and process until a smooth paste forms.

  * Step 2

Scrape the peanut paste back into the saucepan and cook over low heat,
stirring frequently, until very thick and the fat separates, about 20 minutes.
The peanut sauce will turn a deeper shade of brown. Whisk in 1/2 cup of hot
water until incorporated. Keep the peanut sauce warm over very low heat.

  * Step 3

Light a grill and oil the grates. Grill the chicken skewers over moderately
high heat, turning occasionally, until charred in spots and cooked through, 10
to 12 minutes. Serve with the peanut sauce.

##  Make Ahead

The peanut sauce can be refrigerated for up to 5 days. Rewarm before serving,
adding a few tablespoons of hot water if it's too thick.

##  Suggested Pairing

Light, fruity Dolcetto.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (4)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 1 stars

06/22/2022

This recipe is horrible. The cumin and coriander are overpowering in the
marinade and I used half of what they suggested and the peanut sauce texture
is just awful. Keep looking for another recipe, do not waste your time on this
one.

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 1 stars

05/13/2022

Flavor was okay, but the texture was gross. Would not recommend.

Side note- I was very disturbed to find the previous reviewers who pointed out
the issue with the rating and source code. I'll find it hard to trust recipes
from this site in the future

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 1 stars

03/15/2021

Where did these ratings come from? There are no reviews?

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 1 stars

11/29/2020

Why are the ratings hardcoded into the source code?

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce

##  All Reviews for Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

