https://vikalinka.com/chicken-satay-easy-peanut-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

WHOLESOME RECIPES YOU CAN TRUST

Search

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Starter
    * Bread
    * Side dishes
    * Asian recipes
    * Vegetarian
    * Drinks
    * Videos
  * Breakfast
    * Eggs
    * Pancakes, Muffins and More
    * Grains
    * Hot breakfast
  * Lunch
    * Salad
    * Soup
    * Sandwiches and more
  * Dinner
    * Chicken
      * Chicken breasts
      * Chicken thighs and drumsticks
      * Whole chicken
    * Beef
    * Pasta
    * Casseroles
    * Slow Cooker and Instant Pot
    * Pork
    * Fish and Seafood
    * Quick and Easy
    * Stew
  * Dessert
    * Cake
    * Pies
    * Cookies
    * Pastry
  * Collections
    * Asian Recipe Collection
    * Russian Recipe Collection
    * Italian Recipe Collection
    * Christmas Recipe Collection
    * Thanksgiving Recipe Collection
    * Easter Recipe Collection
  * About
    * Travel
    * Privacy policy
    * Contact Me

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Breakfast
  * Lunch
  * Dinner
  * Dessert
  * Collections
  * Videos
  * Travel
  * About

×

Home » Recipes » Asian recipes » Asian takeout favourites » Chicken Satay with
Easy Peanut Sauce

May 17, 2022

# Chicken Satay with Easy Peanut Sauce

Published May 17, 2022 | Julia Frey (Vikalinka)

Jump to Recipe

 _ **The success of this chicken satay recipe comes from a delicious marinade
and an easy peanut sauce, which could be made in 5 minutes!**_

Serve this chicken with our Rice noodle salad for a healthy and vibrant meal.

I love simplifying recipes for everyday use. While this chicken satay might
not be the most authentic recipe on the web, it is delicious and simple to
make.  It also hits the craving for a takeout without breaking the bank!

We love easy, fresh tasting meals in the summer. Just give me a filling salad
and grilled chicken or steak and I am happy! The less time I spend in the
kitchen while the weather is lovely the better.

If you are nodding along to all of the above, read on. This chicken recipe is
for you.

## Chicken Skewers

When my kids were little and fussy about their food, I knew one thing would
always convince them to eat. Put it on a stick! Somehow food on a stick had a
mad appeal.

I will even venture out to say adults like their food skewered as well. Why? I
have no idea! Chicken satay is one of those meals, that is so craveable. It is
also easy to pull off at home.

Cubed chicken breasts or skinless boneless thighs could be used in this
recipe. The thighs are more authentic but the breasts are leaner.

The choice is yours. Both cook very quickly. Whatever you choose will taste
delicious because of the marinade and the spicy peanut sauce, they are served
with.

To make your mealtime stress free, prepare the marinade the night before and
marinate your chicken overnight. This way you will give a fuller flavour and
will save you time.

And if you are into meat on a stick as much as we are, take a look at the
Greek version of it Chicken Souvlaki.

## The Marinade

I've tried many recipes for chicken satay, where the chicken was not
marinated. And while it still tasted okay, when served with the delicious
peanut sauce, the marinade is where the flavour is at! It also tenderises the
chicken.

For best results I recommend marinating overnight but even 1-2 hours will be
helpful, and will impart buckets of flavour.

The ingredients are based on the classic marinade formula. Oil, acid and
spices for the flavour. I use lemon juice for the acidic touch but you can use
lime juice instead.

The combination of spices can get very complicated very quickly when it comes
to chicken satay. However, this recipe is for a Western cook, so I simplified
it intentionally to make it easy and approachable.

## Peanut Sauce Recipe

I am not a huge peanut butter and jelly lover but I adore peanut butter used
in savoury ways! This Asian noodle salad flavoured with a spicy peanut butter
dressing is one example of it.

Just like the marinade recipe, the peanut sauce, served with chicken satay,
could have a very lengthy ingredient list. Not to worry, I simplified it for
you as well.

You can use smooth or chunky peanut butter. However if you use the smooth
kind, make sure to sprinkle some roasted chopped peanuts on top for more
texture.

And whatever, you choose, opt in for natural peanut butter instead of
processed. This will give you more authentic taste and is better for you.

I like my peanut sauce a little spicy, so I used Sriracha sauce to give it
some heat. So much flavour is already packed into it, which makes my job
easier.

You want your peanut sauce to have all anchor flavours of the Indonesian
cuisine. Salty, sweet, spicy and a little tangy. I used soy sauce for the
salty part, brown sugar or palm sugar for the sweet. A dash of the Sriracha to
take care of the spice and lemon juice for the sour notes.

Simple and effective. I tried to include the ingredients, that are most
commonly found in our kitchen.

If you want to try more Indonesian recipes, take a look at my 20 minute fried
rice Nasi Goreng or Coconut Chicken and Rice.

## Serving Suggestions

Apart from serving chicken satay with peanut sauce, I love adding sweet chilli
sauce, which you can purchase nearly everywhere.

I also add fresh cilantro, sliced red chillies and lime wedges, your guests
can squeeze over the chicken themselves.

**More Asian Chicken Recipes to Try:**

  * Baked Honey Soy Chicken
  * Asian Air Fryer Chicken Wings
  * Chicken Katsu Curry
  * Easy Tandoori Chicken Recipe

## Chicken Satay with Easy Peanut Sauce

The success of this chicken satay recipe comes from a delicious marinade and
an easy peanut sauce, which could be done 5 minutes!

Makes 8-9 skewers

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indonesian

Keyword: chicken satay

Prep Time: 20 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Marinating Time: 2 hours

Servings: 6

Calories: 279kcal

Author: Julia Frey of Vikalinka

### Ingredients

#### For the marinade

  * 3 cloves garlic
  * 1 lemon, juice only
  * 2 tsp turmeric
  * 2 tsp dried coriander
  * 1 tsp chilli powder
  * 1 tsp salt
  * 2 tsp vegetable oil 
  * 2 lbs skinless boneless chicken breasts cubed

#### For the peanut sauce

  * 4 tbsp natural peanut butter smooth or chunky
  * 2 tsp soy sauce
  * 2 tsp brown sugar
  * 1 tsp lemon juice
  * 1 tsp grated ginger
  * 4  tbsp coconut milk 
  * 1 tbsp Sriracha sauce or other chilli sauce
  * salt to taste
  * water to thin it out
  * 1 tbsp chopped peanut to top 

### Instructions

  * In a large a shallow bowl combine the ingredients for the marinade, then add the cubed chicken to it, stir to coat, cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator overnight or at least for 2 hours. 

  * Make the peanut sauce by combining with a whisk the peanut butter, soy sauce, brown sugar, lemon juice, grated ginger, coconut milk and Sriracha in a medium bowl. Then start adding warm water one tablespoon at a time until you have desirable consistency. Season with salt to taste. Put in a serving dish and sprinkle with chopped roasted peanuts. 

  * Preheat the grill. Meanwhile skewer the chicken onto wooden or metal skewers. (If using wooden ones, it's best to soak them in water for 30 minutes beforehand to avoid catching fire.) Don't overcrowd your skewers, this will ensure that the chicken will cook faster and more evenly. Cook the chicken for approximately 7 minutes on one side, then turn oven and cook for 5-7 minutes longer. Serve with the peanut sauce and lime wedges. 

### Nutrition

Calories: 279kcal | Carbohydrates: 6g | Protein: 36g | Fat: 12g | Saturated
Fat: 4g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 2g | Monounsaturated Fat: 4g | Trans Fat: 1g |
Cholesterol: 97mg | Sodium: 1173mg | Potassium: 702mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 3g
| Vitamin A: 150IU | Vitamin C: 7mg | Calcium: 24mg | Iron: 2mg

« Best Keto Cabbage Salad Recipe

Teriyaki Salmon Donburi Bowl »

125 shares

  *   *   * 125
  * 

#### About Julia Frey (Vikalinka)

Julia Frey is a London based recipe developer and photographer. Julia founded
Vikalinka in 2012 with the main mission to provide her readers with delicious
and accessible everyday recipes, which could be enjoyed by everyone.  
read more..

### Related Posts

  * ## Basil Pesto Chicken Caprese

  * ## Classic Chicken Parmesan Recipe

  * ## Grilled Asparagus with Romesco Sauce and Burrata

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

## Primary Sidebar

### Never Miss A New Post!

Email address:

Leave this field empty if you're human:

Julia Frey is a London based recipe developer and photographer. Julia founded
Vikalinka in 2012 with the main mission to provide her readers with delicious
and accessible everyday recipes, which could be enjoyed by everyone.  
read more..

### Most Popular on Vikalinka

## Best Beef Stroganoff (VIDEO)

## Pasta Cream Sauce (VIDEO)

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * YouTube

## Footer

### As Featured On…

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact

Copyright © 2022 **Vikalinka**

