https://healthyfitnessmeals.com/chicken-satay-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Healthy Fitness Meals

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * LinkedIn
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

MenuSearch

  * Recipes
  * How To
  * About
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact
  * Instant Updates
  * Search for

Search for

Main Courses

# Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce Recipe

By Rena | Published on July 20, 2019

Home » Main Courses » Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce Recipe

352 shares

  *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe \- Print Recipe

_This **Chicken Satay recipe** is out of this world delicious. Easy to make
with a delicious satay marinade and an even better homemade peanut sauce. A
tender and perfect recipe to enjoy as an appetizer or as a meal._

## Easy Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce Recipe

If you love Thai food as much as I do you will LOVE this **chicken satay
recipe**. Tender, juicy, easy to make, and full of flavor. Like it spicy?
Double up on the sriracha. The satay marinade is just perfect and makes the
chicken delicious enough to eat as is without the peanut sauce if you prefer.
Of course, the peanut sauce gives it that extra boost in the flavor
department!

### Is Satay Chicken healthy

Without the peanut sauce, my chicken satay recipe is healthy to enjoy without
any guilt. Often times they refer to a satay dish as **high in fat because of
the peanut sauce**. If you are on high fat and low carb diet, skip the honey,
and enjoy this recipe without even blinking! On a moderately high-fat or low-
fat diet feel free to skip the sauce and enjoy the Thai grilled chicken over
salad or grilled veggies.

### How do you cut Chicken Satay?

Normally, the chicken is cut into long strips diagonally. Then, using a meat
mallet you flatten the strips into 1/4 inch thickness. Each chicken strip is
placed long way on the skewer and if it's too small you can add two strips. I
simply just cut mine into cubes for this chicken satay recipe. The taste will
still be great.

### Is Peanut Sauce bad?

Some may say that the **peanut sauce** usually served with chicken satay is
bad or you or that it is unhealthy. This is due to the fact that peanut butter
is high in calories and fat which in turn makes the peanut satay sauce
fattening or high in calories. Peanut butter is **nutrient-dense** and ok to
eat in moderation especially if you are on a high fat and protein diet. Stick
to all-natural peanut butter that has no added sugar.

### Does Chicken Satay have Gluten

Any recipe that contains soy sauce is **not gluten-free**. This might be
shocking for some especially if you are new to the gluten-free diet. This
chicken satay recipe is **ALMOST** gluten-free if you can find a soy sauce
alternative that's gluten-free like **Tamari** that's made without wheat. The
reason why soy sauce has gluten is that most soy sauce brands contain wheat as
their first ingredient. Peanut butter is naturally gluten-free.

#### Making this Satay Recipe?

I hope you love this **Chicken Satay recipe** as much as I do and I would love
to get some feedback if you make it. Please take a moment to come back and
leave me a comment below. It would be even more amazing if you rate it!

Here are a few other **chicken recipes** you can check out for some ideas
later on:

  * **Chicken Teriyaki Stir Fry**
  * **Spicy Chicken Stir Fry**
  * **Lemon Garlic Chicken Skillet**
  * **Chicken and Broccoli**
  * **Creamy Garlic Chicken Skillet**
  * **Chicken Parmesan Meatballs**

**Also, remember to subscribe to my**   **NEWSLETTER for free and receive
recipes like this Chicken Satay Skewers Recipe delivered right to your
inbox!**

Finally, if you try a recipe and you like it, please use my hashtag
_#healthyfitnessmeals_ on INSTAGRAM for a chance to be featured! **FOLLOW**
Healthy Fitness Meals on FACEBOOK | INSTAGRAM | PINTEREST | TWITTER for all of
my latest blog posts and recipes.

### How to make this recipe below:

## Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce Recipe

Delicious and tender Chicken Satay skewers with homemade peanut sauce

5 from 4 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Appetizer, Main Course

Cuisine: thai

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

0 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 4

Calories: 415kcal

Author: Rena

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1½ lb Chicken Breast cut into 1'' cubes
  * ▢ 2 Tbsp Olive Oil divided
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp Curry Powder
  * ▢ 1 Tsp Garlic Salt
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp Raw Honey
  * ▢ 2 Tsp Red Curry Paste
  * ▢ Salt and pepper, to taste
  * ▢ 2-3 chopped roasted peanuts

#### Peanut Satay Sauce:

  * ▢ ½ Lemon Juiced
  * ▢ 2 Tbsp Low sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ ⅓ Cup Natural Peanut Butter smooth
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp Cider Vinegar
  * ▢ 1-2 Tbsp Sriracha Sauce
  * ▢ ¼ Cup Water or more to thin it up

### Instructions

  * In a mixing bowl, combine chicken with 1 tablespoon of oil, curry powder, garlic salt, honey, curry paste, salt, and pepper. Marinate for at least 15 minutes.

  * Thread the chicken pieces onto skewers. Heat a grill pan or an outside BBQ to medium heat, and cook the skewers for about 2-3 minutes on each side, until nicely charred and cooked through.

  * Meanwhile, make the peanut satay sauce. In a small bowl, whisk all the sauce ingredients until smooth. Add water little by little to reach desired consistency.

  * Drizzle the chicken skewers with satay sauce and sprinkle with crunchy chopped peanuts. Enjoy!

### Notes

 **Serving size:**

This recipe makes about 8 skewers. the nutrition facts will be for 2 skewers.
Each serving is 2 skewers

**Nutritional facts:**

Please keep in mind that the nutritional information is calculated using a
nutrition facts calculator. It is a rough estimate and can vary greatly based
on products used.

### Nutrition

Calories: 415kcal | Carbohydrates: 12g | Protein: 42g | Fat: 23g | Saturated
Fat: 4g | Cholesterol: 109mg | Sodium: 1232mg | Potassium: 826mg | Fiber: 2g |
Sugar: 7g | Vitamin A: 460IU | Vitamin C: 11.8mg | Calcium: 32mg | Iron: 1.8mg

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @HealthyFitnessMeals or tag
#HealthyFitnessMeals!

### Related Posts

  * Pomegranate Chicken Salad Recipe

  * Asian Chicken Cups Recipe

  * Lemon Chicken Skewers Recipe

## Reader Interactions

### Leave A Reply Cancel reply

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Current ye@r *

Leave this field empty

## Primary Sidebar

### Hello & Welcome!

Hi, I’m Rena! I am here to help you prepare delicious, light, fresh meals that
your whole family will love! Eating healthy doesn't have to be boring!  
Learn More...

### Search by Diet

SF Sugar Free GF Gluten Free LC Low Carb DF Dairy Free SC Slow Cooker V Vegan
VG Vegetarian KF Kid Friendly

### 5 Secrets to Making Healthier Desserts

Free BONUS tips & recipes!

### Seasonal Recipes

#### Creamy Garlic Chicken Breast Skillet

#### Healthy Egg Salad Sandwich Recipe

#### Taco Stuffed Zucchini Boats

* * *

### Popular Recipes

  * Easy Homemade Beef Stew
  * Creamy Chicken Enchilada Soup
  * Asparagus Stuffed Chicken Breast

## Footer

### Follow Me

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * LinkedIn
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

### 5 Secrets to Making Healthier Desserts

Free BONUS tips & recipes

### Explore

  * All Recipes
  * Recipe Index
  * How To
  * My Favorites
  * Main Courses
  * Kid Friendly
  * Vegetarian
  * Low Carb
  * Desserts
  * Side Dishes
  * Gluten Free
  * Breakfast
  * High Protein

### Connect

  * Work with Me
  * Contact
  * About
  * Instant Updates

Copyright (C) 2022 Healthy Fitness Meals

Privacy Policy  |  Terms  |  Accessibility

free email bonus

5 Secrets to Easy Healthy Dinners

Tips, ideas & recipes to help you with easy healthy dinners!

YES, I WANT THIS

