https://www.utkaltoday.com/fiery-chilli-crispy-lamb-recipe/


__

__ __ __ __ __

__

  * Home
  * Odisha News
  * Politics
  * Economy
  * Culture
  * Business
  * Tech
  * Travel
  * Wellness
  * Entertainment

__

Sign in

__

Welcome!Log into your account

your username

your password

Forgot your password?

__

Password recovery

Recover your password

your email

__

Search

__

Sign in

Welcome! Log into your account

your username

your password

Forgot your password? Get help

Password recovery

Recover your password

your email

A password will be e-mailed to you.

____

__

Utkal Today

  * Home
  * Odisha News
  * Politics
  * Economy
  * Culture
  * Business
  * Tech
  * Travel
  * Wellness
  * Entertainment

Home __Food __ Dish out some fiery Chilly Crispy Lamb

Food

# Dish out some fiery Chilly Crispy Lamb

Cooking all delicious recipes at home is becoming the new normal particularly
if you suddenly start craving something like chilli crispy lamb. If you are
fond of desi Chinese, this might just be the right pick for you!

By Utkal Today Team

December 31, 2020

__0

__1225

__

WhatsApp

__

Facebook

__

Twitter

__

Linkedin

__

Image: Utkal Today

Craving some chilly crispy lamb?

Asian cuisine has gained worldwide popularity for its unique umami flavours.
And the most popularly incorporated Asian cuisine in India is Chinese cuisine.
We Indians love to make desi Chinese dishes and every time we add our Indian
twist to the Chinese dishes, we take the food to a whole new level.

Chili dishes are the most popularly cooked Indian Chinese dishes. Be it chilli
paneer, chilli tofu, chilli gobi, chilli mushroom or chilli chicken.

The list is endless and every dish is equally delicious. Have you given a
thought about chilli crispy lamb?

Image: Kitchen Love

Each Chinese dish reflects a balance of taste, texture, aroma, and colour. Be
it sweet, sour, pungent, hot, salty, or spicy – all the six basic flavours are
incorporated deftly in all Chinese dishes.

## **Here’s a desi **Chilly Crispy Lamb** recipe for you that you can
confidently make in New Year and feed your family and friends. **

**Prep Time:** 11-15 minutes

**Cook time:** 21-25 minutes

**Serves:** 2

Image: Dreamtime

### **Ingredients for chilly crispy lamb recipe**

  * Boneless shredded lamb leg 180 grams
  * Eggs
  * Cornflour 50 grams
  * Shredded onion 30 grams
  * Shredded capsicum 10 grams
  * Shredded carrot 10 grams
  * Ginger chopped 10 grams
  * Garlic cloves peeled and chopped 15 grams
  * Lamb stock 10 grams
  * Salt to taste
  * Seasoning 8 grams
  * Dry red chilies: 5gms
  * Chilli paste: 10gms
  * Tomato ketchup: 10gms
  * Chilli oil: 1tsp
  * Soya sauce: 1tsp
  * Vinegar: 1tsp
  * Spring onion 30 grams
  * Refined oil 20 ml

### **Method**

#### **Step 1**

Marinate lamb with seasoning, egg, and cornflour and keep aside for 30
minutes,  Then, deep fry the lamb till crispy in hot oil.

Image: Cookbook

#### **Step 2**

In a wok, add oil, ginger-garlic, onion, and shredded vegetables. Add all the
ingredients and sauté it well. Add red chili paste, sauces, and seasoning.

#### **Step 3**

Add shredded spring onion and fried lamb and toss well. Add chili oil and toss
well.

#### **Step 4**

Serve hot.

#### **Also read: Bajre ki Roti, Winter recipes: A Source of Nutrition and
Taste**

#### **By Silpi Sucharita Swain**

###

####  Utkal Today Team

See author's posts

  * Tags
  * Chilly Crispy Lamb
  * Chinese
  * Chinese food
  * desi chinese
  * recipe

__

WhatsApp

__

Facebook

__

Twitter

__

Linkedin

__

Previous articleOdisha allows cinema halls to reopen with 50% capacity

Next articleVan Dhan Yojana and how it is beneficial

Utkal Today Team

#### RELATED ARTICLES

Food

### Homemade Chicken Buns Recipe

Utkal Today Team - September 30, 2021 0

September 30, 2021: Chicken Buns? Oh yes, you heard it right. Buns made with a
stuffing of flavourful chicken. These Chicken Buns...

Read more

Food

### Nothing beats Bengali-style mutton aloo jhol on Sunday afternoon

Utkal Today Team - September 29, 2021 0

Sept 29: If you are a Bengali, your life would be considered incomplete if you
don’t queue up in front of the...

Read more

Food

### Durga Puja bhog platter: A combination of taste with devotion

Utkal Today Team - September 29, 2021 0

Sept 29: In a few days, Goddess Durga, along with her children, will visit
earth and we will fondly celebrate the occasion....

Read more

____

### LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply

Please enter your comment!

Please enter your name here

You have entered an incorrect email address!

Please enter your email address here

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Solve : *  
27 − 3 =

  

#### Most Popular

### 20 unique Indian wedding gift ideas

Lifestyle Sencess Pradhan - September 28, 2020 0

Indian wedding gift ideas are a great way to congratulate newlyweds and share
your happiness with them as they begin a new...

Read more

### ‘Leading light’ goes out with demise of Jaswant Singh at 82

National News Utkal Today Team - September 27, 2020 0

New Delhi, September 27: India’s veterans and political leaders mourned the
death of the BJP veteran and former Union minister Jaswant Singh...

Read more

### World’s most handsome person

Entertainment Aman Rai - September 18, 2020 0

Our world is full of beautiful people, but there are some who are just a class
above and stand out in the...

Read more

### Modi speaks of Mann Ki Baat on farmers

Current Affairs Utkal Today Team - September 27, 2020 0

New Delhi, September 27:  Praising the contribution of Indian farmers in the
Atma Nirbhar Bharat initiative, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Mann...

Read more

Load more __

#### Recent Comments

Kumar Tatwamasi Radhakrushna on 10 scientists who never won a Nobel Prize, in
spite of their huge contributions

Shishir on Engineer’s Day: Marking the birth anniversary of M. Visvesvaraya

Shreya on Madhya Kshetra Vidyut Vitaran Company, the first to adopt e-office
system

Subhashree Mishra on Engineer’s Day: Marking the birth anniversary of M.
Visvesvaraya

Mayank Singh on 12 Inspirational Quotes by Legendary Bollywood Actor Irrfan
Khan

Subhashree Mishra on Read, write and express this International Literacy Day

Dishi on Export Preparedness Index 2020 - Gujarat bags top position

Harshada Das on C U Soon: Film review

ABOUT US

Utkal Today is a digital-first journalism initiative in Odisha with a mission
to provide fresh, positive & inspiring news to the people of Odisha. We're a
research-oriented news platform in Odisha.

Contact us: hello@utkaltoday.com

FOLLOW US

__ __ __ __ __

  * About
  * Contact us

(C) 2020 Utkal Today. All rights reserved.

