https://www.whiskaffair.com/vegetarian-pad-thai-noodles/


﻿

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * Meal Type
    * Salads
    * Soups
    * Appetizers
    * Main Course
    * Desserts
  * My Cookbook
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Father’s Day Brunch Recipes
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * My Cookbook

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Whisk Affair » Recipes » Meal Type » Main Course » Pad Thai Noodles

Published: Jun 28, 2021 | Last Updated On: Jun 29, 2021 by Neha Mathur

# Pad Thai Noodles

845 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Made using simple ingredients, homemade Pad Thai Noodles come together in
under ** _30 minutes_**. Customize with whatever vegetables, tofu, meat,
seafood, or sauces you prefer.

Here are a few more Thai recipes lined up for you – Thai Red Chicken Curry,
Thai Fried Rice, Thai Sweet Chilli Sauce, Thai Peanut Sauce, Thai Basil
Chicken, Thai Watermelon Salad and Thai Squash Fritters.

Jump to:

  * About This Recipe
  * Ingredients
  * How to Make Pad Thai Noodles
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Variations
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Storing Suggestions
  * You might also like
  * Recipe Card

## About This Recipe

Pad Thai is a ** _popular Thai stir-fry dish_** made using flat rice noodles,
an array of vegetables, meat or seafood, garlic, bean sprouts, and crushed
peanuts. These ingredients are sauteed in a wok over high heat and then tossed
in a spicy, sweet, and tangy sauce with an umami kick.

Also, know as ** _Phad Thai Noodles_** , this dish is commonly sold on the
streets of Thailand as well as in Thai restaurants all around the world.

Pad Thai Noodles are super easy, flavorsome, and just take 30 minutes to come
together. The homemade version of these noodles is ** _as good as the ones you
might have tasted on the streets of Thailand_**. And the best part about
making these at home is that you can customize them as per your taste
preferences and dietary regulations.

Serve these super comforting Thai noodles for ** _brunches, get-togethers,
potlucks_** or just enjoy it on a lazy weekday night with your favorite glass
of wine.

## Ingredients

**_Noodles_** – Pad Thai is traditionally made with ¼ inch wide rice noodles
(rice sticks). You will find these in the Asian section of the grocery stores
or online.

_**Vegetables** _– Vegetables add a nice crunch to these noodles. I like to
use red bell peppers, yellow bell peppers, onions, and bean sprouts but others
such as napa cabbage, snow peas, mushrooms, broccoli, carrot, zucchini, etc
can also be added.

Skip bean sprouts if they are not easily available.

I made the vegetarian version of these noodles but feel free to add chicken,
shrimp, beef, pork, eggs, or tofu.

**_Pad Thai Sauce_** – To make this spicy, sweet, and tangy sauce, you will
need soy sauce, vegetable stock, brown sugar, red chili paste, tamarind paste,
fish sauce, salt, and water. Skip adding fish sauce for a vegetarian version.

Tamarind paste is the star ingredient here, so make sure you do not miss it.
Traditionally palm sugar is added to this recipe but I replaced it with brown
sugar.

_**Oil** _– Use toasted sesame oil for authentic taste or else use vegetable
or canola oil.

**_Others_** – You will also need garlic, Thai red chilies, cilantro, and
lime. Thai red chilies add a spicy kick to these noodles. Adjust the chilies
as per your liking.

_**Peanuts** _– Crushed peanuts give a lovely crunch to these noodles.

## How to Make Pad Thai Noodles

Soak 10 oz (300 g) flat rice noodles in boiling hot water for 5-8 minutes
until they are tender.

Drain the water and toss the noodles with a few drops of oil. Set aside.

In a saucepan, stir together ¼ cup vegetable stock, 3 tablespoon soy sauce, 3
tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon tamarind paste, 1 teaspoon red chili paste,
2 tablespoon fish sauce, salt to taste and ½ cup water.

Bring the mixture to a boil on high heat. Reduce the heat to low and cook for
3-4 minutes. Remove the pan from heat and set it aside. Pad Thai Sauce is
ready.

**Note** – Taste and adjust the ingredients as per your preferences.

Heat 2 tablespoon sesame oil in a wok over high heat.

Once the oil is hot, add 2 teaspoon chopped garlic and 1 teaspoon chopped Thai
red chili. Fry for 4-5 seconds.

Add ¼ cup sliced onions, ¼ cup sliced red bell pepper, ¼ cup sliced yellow
bell pepper and ¼ cup bean sprouts and fry for a minute.

Now add the cooked noodles and the sauce to the wok and toss well to coat the
noodles. The noodles will be watery at this stage but they will soak up the
sauce in another 3-4 minutes and also become darker in color.

Transfer them to the serving bowls and top with ¼ cup crushed roasted peanuts,
2 tablespoon chopped cilantro, and 5-6 lemon wedges. Serve hot.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**How to make healthier Pad Thai?**

To make this dish healthier, reduce the quantity of noodles and add more
veggies. Use brown rice noodles instead of white rice noodles. Use low sodium
soy sauce and replace brown sugar with honey.

**Can I use zucchini noodles to make Pad Thai?**

If you don’t want to eat rice noodles, you don’t have to give up Pad Thai. You
can give this recipe a healthy twist, by adding zucchini noodles (zoodles) to
it instead of rice noodles.  
You can make zucchini noodles using a spiralizer, julienne peeler, or a
mandoline slicer. Either use raw zucchini noodles or boil them in water for
just 1 to 2 minutes.

**Are Pad Thai Noodles and Drunken Noodles the same?**

Pad Thai Noodles are different from Drunken Noodles (Pad Kee Mao). The noodles
used in Drunken Noodles are thick, creating a rubbery, chewy texture, whereas
Phad Thai Noodles use flattened thin rice noodles. Pad Thai also has fewer
calories than Drunken Noodles.

**What is difference between Pad Thai and Pad See Ew?**

Flat rice noodles are also used to make Pad See Ew, another popular dish in
Thailand. While Pad Thai is nutty and a little sweet, Pad See Ew is sour and
has a fantastic char-grilled flavor to it.

## Variations

**_Add in Preferred Protein_** – For vegetarians, you can go for tofu, and
non-vegetarian can choose from egg, chicken, beef, pork etc.

**_Make it Mild/Spicy_** – Want it to be spicier, increase the quantity of red
chili paste or add an extra red chili.

**_Veggie Loaded_** – Add in as many veggies as you want. It is a great way to
use up all the leftover vegetables.

**_Vegan_** – Skip fish sauce or opt for vegan fish sauce. All other
ingredients are vegan/vegetarian friendly.

**_Gluten-Free_** – Use gluten-free tamari instead of soy sauce. Do not use
noodles prepared with plain flour or whole wheat flour.

## Serving Suggestions

This recipe is a meal on its own. However, these Thai noodles can be enjoyed
with Thai Red Chicken Curry and Spicy Thai Green Papaya Salad on the side.

You can also serve some Momos, Dimsums, or Potstickers on the side with these
spicy yummy Noodles.

## Storing Suggestions

Pad Thai Noodles will last in the fridge for about **_3 to 4 days_** when
stored in a clean and dry air-tight container. Reheat it in a pan or microwave
before serving.

## You might also like

  * Indo Chinese Veg Manchurian

  * Easy One Pot Shrimp Chow Mein

  * Chilli Garlic Noodles

  * Chicken Hakka Noodles

## Recipe Card

Loved this recipe?Click here to leave a review and give us a five star rating
★★★★★

## Pad Thai Noodles Recipe

Made using simple ingredients, homemade Pad Thai Noodles come together in
under 30 minutes. Customize with whatever vegetables, tofu, meat, seafood, or
sauces you prefer.

4.67 from 3 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Thai

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 4 people

Calories: 381kcal

Author: Neha Mathur

### Ingredients

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 10 ounces Pad Thai noodles (300 g)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons sesame oil (or any other oil that you prefer)
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons chopped garlic
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon chopped Thai red chili
  * ▢ ¼ cup sliced onions
  * ▢ ¼ cup sliced red bell peppers
  * ▢ ¼ cup sliced yellow bell peppers
  * ▢ ¼ cup bean sprouts
  * ▢ ¼ cup crushed roasted peanuts
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro
  * ▢ 5-6 lime wedges

#### For the Pad Thai Sauce

  * ▢ ¼ cup vegetable stock
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons soy sauce
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons brown sugar
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon tamarind paste
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon red chili paste
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons fish sauce (skip for vegetarian version)
  * ▢ salt (to taste)
  * ▢ ½ cup water

US Customary or Metric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Soak flat rice noodles in boiling hot water for 5-8 minutes until they are tender.

  * Drain the water and toss the noodles with a few drops of oil. Set aside.

  * In a saucepan, stir together vegetable stock, soy sauce, brown sugar, tamarind paste, red chili paste, fish sauce, salt and water.

  * Bring the mixture to a boil on high heat. Reduce the heat to low and cook for 3-4 minutes. Remove the pan from heat and set it aside. Pad Thai Sauce is ready.

  * Heat sesame oil in a wok over high heat.

  * Once the oil is hot, add chopped garlic and chopped Thai red chili. Fry for 4-5 seconds.

  * Add sliced onions, sliced red bell pepper, sliced yellow bell pepper and bean sprouts and fry for a minute.

  * Now add the cooked noodles and sauce to the wok and toss well to coat the noodles. The noodles will be watery at this stage but they will soak up the sauce in another 3-4 minutes and also become darker in color.

  * Transfer the noodles to the serving bowls and top with crushed roasted peanuts, chopped cilantro, and lemon wedges. Serve hot.

### Notes

These rice noodles are very delicate and get overcooked and mushy very soon,
so keep a check on them.

The best way to cook them is by pouring boiling hot water over the noodles and
let the noodles cook in the heat of the water.

If you feel that they are not cooked perfectly, then keep them on heat and
cook until they are just cooked (Al Dente).

If you like the noodles saucy, double the sauce ingredients.

Add some creamy peanut butter to the sauce for creamier noodles.

Replace tamarind paste with rice vinegar and lime juice, but only if it is not
easily available to you.

### Nutrition

Calories: 381kcal | Carbohydrates: 73g | Protein: 5g | Fat: 7g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 3g | Monounsaturated Fat: 3g | Sodium: 1654mg |
Potassium: 138mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar: 11g | Vitamin A: 59IU | Vitamin C: 8mg |
Calcium: 40mg | Iron: 1mg

Pin this recipe for later use!I LOVE to see your creations so pin and mention
@WhiskAffair!

Sign up for regular updates?I would love to have you as part of my journey.
Click to sign up!

« Chocolate Tahini Brownies

Rasam »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Apoorva Lanjewar

January 12, 2022 at 5:29 pm

  
I tried this recipe today and it was just so so so delicious!! 🙂

Reply

### Did you make this recipe? Let me know! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey! Nice to meet you

Hi! I'm Neha, Blogger & Recipe Expert behind Whisk Affair. I've nurtured Whisk
Affair since 2012 by trying & testing every recipe published. Be sure that it
will turn out good each time! Read More about me…

### Stay Connected

  *   *   *   *   * 

### My Cookbook

**Buy Now on Amazon**

### Father's Day Brunch Recipes

  * Tropical Dragon Fruit Smoothie (Pitaya Smoothie)

  * Ragi Banana Pancakes

  * Crispy Air Fryer Buffalo Tofu Bites

  * Berry Blast Smoothie (No Banana)

  * Biscoff Oats (Cookie Butter Oats)

  * Air Fryer Hard Boiled Eggs

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Hibachi Fried Rice

  * Lemon Garlic Baked Tilapia

  * Creamy Garlic Parmesan Sauce

  * Lemon Tea

  * Chicken Clear Soup

  * Scrambled Egg Whites

## Footer

* * *

^ back to top

**About**

About Neha

My Cookbook

**Stay Connected**

Sign up! for emails and updates

Contact Me

**Policies**

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Accessibility Policy

Copyright © 2022 **WhiskAffair Food LLP**

