https://life-in-the-lofthouse.com/easy-thai-noodles/


Skip to content

  * Recipe Index

Recipes By Meal

BreakfastLunchDinnerAppetizersDessertDrinks

Recipes By Ingredient

VeganVegetarianBeefChickenPastaSeafood

View All Recipes >Meal Plan Monday

  * Dinner
  * Desserts
  * Menu Plan Monday
  * Privacy Policy

# Easy Thai Noodles

Jump To Recipe

AsiancarrotsChickenDinnerEasyEatsLunchMain CourseNoodlesPastasavory

__Share

 __Pin 49.9K

 __Tweet

 __

49.9K Shares

_Easy Thai Noodles are fast to make and filled with authentic Asian flavor.
This recipe is perfect for vegetarians and meat lovers alike._

Asian cuisine is one of my favorites to make in the kitchen. When I first
began cooking and creating recipes, I was always slightly timid of Asian
flavored cuisines. Each dish has layers of flavor that I thought would be hard
to recreate. Does this sound familiar to you? If so, this Easy Thai Noodle
recipe is the perfect start on your Asian cooking adventure. This meal is
packed with outstanding flavors and textures, and it will be on your table in
less than 30 minutes!

### **WHAT MAKES EASY THAI NOODLES SO FLAVORFUL?**

This recipe calls for ingredients that are great investments for your pantry
if they're not already there. Sesame oil is infused with a nutty flavor that
makes a little go a long way. Only 2 tablespoons and your tastebuds will be
transported to your favorite Asian restaurant. It gives this dish a savory
flavor that is unbeatable when paired with freshly minced garlic, soy sauce,
honey, and red pepper flakes for a little touch of heat.

### **CAN I ADD MEAT TO THE NOODLES?**

Dinners that are versatile like Easy Thai Noodles are the best kind. I like to
say 'Dealer's Choice' with this dish. My family loves chicken with their
noodles, and I am happy to provide it because I do too! If I am a little short
on time to cook chicken when I get home, I'll stop by the grocery store to
pick up a rotisserie chicken to shred and add to the dish. For my vegetarian
friends, all you need to do is follow the recipe for a veggie and vegan
friendly dinner. For my meat lovers, try sauteing shrimp or beef to add for a
different variation.

### **DO I HAVE TO USE THAI STYLE NOODLES FOR THE DISH?**

Another reason why I love making this meal is that you can use almost any
style of pasta that is in your pantry. I recommend using a linguini pasta or a
Pad Thai rice noodle, but there have been a few nights where all I had in my
cupboard was spaghetti noodles and my kids still cleaned their plates! If you
have someone in the family that's gluten intolerant, try substituting a gluten
free style noodle.

### **ENJOY THIS RECIPE?   HERE ARE A FEW MORE THAT WILL BE ON YOUR TABLE IN
30 MINUTES OR LESS!**

**Beef Burrito Skillet** - Ground beef, corn, black beans, and cheese cooked
together for a quick and flavorful meal.

**Taco Noodle Skillet** - Noodles cooked with chicken or beef in this
delicious taco inspired skillet dish.

**Asian Chicken Salad **- Mandarin oranges, almonds, and pineapple tossed
together with chicken and a poppyseed dressing.

**Szechuan Chicken** - Tender morsels of chicken and vegetables sauteed in a
gourmet teriyaki sauce.

Print Pin

4.84 from 6 votes

## Easy Thai Noodles

Prep Time 25 minutes

Total Time 25 minutes

Servings 3

Author Holly

### Ingredients

  * 6 ounces linguini noodles
  * 1 cup bagged coleslaw mix
  * 1/2 cup shredded carrots
  * 1/3 cup chopped cilantro
  * 1/4 cup chopped green onions
  * 1/3  cup chopped honey roasted peanuts
  * 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken (optional, but highly recommended)
  *  **SAUCE:**
  * 1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoons honey
  * 2 tablespoons sesame oil
  * 4 cloves minced garlic
  * Â½ teaspoon red pepper flakes (or more if you want it more spicy)

### Instructions

  * Cook linguini noodles according to package instructions. Drain when done cooking.

  * While noodles are cooking whisk together in a small bowl the soy sauce, honey, sesame oil, garlic and red pepper flakes.

  * Pour sauce onto drained noodles and toss together. Add shredded cabbage, shredded carrots and shredded cilantro to noodle mixture and mix. Then gently stir in half of chopped cilantro, green onions and peanuts, reserving the other half for garnish. (Add the shredded rotisserie now, if using.)

  * Serve warm or cold and garnish with remaining cilantro, green onions and chopped peanuts.

### Notes

This recipe makes about 3 to 4 servings (not huge portions). You can easily
double this if you want more. Store any leftovers in the refrigerator and eat
cold or reheat in the microwave and garnish with desired toppings.

#### Recipe by: 5 Boys Baker.com

### WANT TO SAVE THIS RECIPE FOR LATER?

### **PIN IT **TO YOUR FAVORITE PINTEREST BOARD!

  

__Share

 __Pin 49.9K

 __Tweet

 __

49.9K Shares

Join the Conversation

Cancel reply

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

##  16 thoughts on "Easy Thai Noodles"

  1. **Liz** says:

April 10, 2019 at 7:54 am

Two TABLESPOONS of sesame oil? Really? Seems like alot.

Reply

    1. **Holly** says:

April 12, 2019 at 7:02 am

If you feel like it's a lot you could cut it down to one Tablespoon ðŸ™‚

Reply

  2. **Scarlet** says:

May 12, 2019 at 3:46 pm

These look so fresh and tasty! I always wonder what type of noodles to use and
where to get them. You just use regular linguini? Mind blown! I'm trying this!

Reply

  3. **Nicole** says:

August 24, 2019 at 12:40 pm

  
i love the both the ease of making this recipe and how tasty it is! I enjoy
making this for lunch and have been happy to recommend it to my co-workers.

Reply

    1. **Holly** says:

August 26, 2019 at 4:07 pm

Thank you Nicole! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  4. **Nicole Scranton** says:

December 5, 2019 at 8:38 am

looks good

Reply

  5. **Nikki** says:

January 14, 2020 at 5:51 am

Can I use ramen noodles instead of linguine noodles or do you suggest using
the linguine instead? I'm anxious to try this for dinner tonight!!

Reply

    1. **Holly** says:

January 14, 2020 at 8:18 am

I would think ramen would work! Let me know if you try it! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  6. **Jessyka** says:

March 2, 2020 at 12:24 pm

Can you use thai rice noodles? Or is it best to use linguine?

Reply

  7. **COleen Keefer** says:

April 21, 2020 at 6:17 am

  
We tried this dish last night. OMG! it was excellent. We made double the
recipe, except my daughter forgot to double the sauce. it is definitely worth
trying.

Reply

  8. **Megan Taylor** says:

May 2, 2020 at 7:45 pm

  
I never comment on recipes but this was amazing, I added a splash or two of
lime juice at the end cause I thought it needed a bit of acid and that really
punched up the flavor. My son has a peanut allergy so we used chopped cashews
on top which was fantastic. THis will definitely be a weekly recipe for my
family.

Reply

  9. **Anna** says:

June 15, 2020 at 7:35 pm

  
Overall great recipe. The sauce was a little runny, but easily fixed if you
put the noodles on a pan on medium heat for a minute or two.

I personally would of liked it to be a bit sweeter as it was more on the salty
side even with low-sodium soy sauce. So for next time I'll add a bit more
honey for more sweetness. I also Added a bit of fish sauce to the sauce to
give a bit more AUTHENTIc flavor And instead of chicken I used scrambled EGGs
for protein.

As well as added a bit of lime at the very END.  
Overall a solid recipe that people can easily to tweak to their liking. This
will be a regular dish I'm going to be making.

Reply

  10. **Janet** says:

September 15, 2020 at 1:32 pm

  
I made this for dinner last night. I used cooked shrimp instead of chicken and
i squeezed the juice of two limes and the zest to a doubled recipe. I also
added thin strips of red bell pepper. I added red cabbage and half green
cabbage. The color combo was beautiful with green cilantro. It was delicious.
Picky hubs loved the flavor and textures. I highly recomend.

Reply

  11. **Richard** says:

February 28, 2021 at 7:14 pm

  
This was absolutely delicious! So flavorful and we loved the sweet / SPICY
combo and the cruch of veggies!

Reply

  12. **Carolyn** says:

November 22, 2021 at 6:19 pm

Made this tonight, used 1 lb box of noodles. How much is 5 oz. i would Add a
LITTLE more red PEPPER flakes and maybe more sauce and caBbage or less
noodles. It waS very good

Reply

  13. **Tina** says:

January 19, 2022 at 11:34 am

Excellent!!!  
Love your pasta blt salad also!  
Thank you

Reply

### free email bonus

## 5 Tasty 20-Minute Miracles!

My secrets (and recipes) for getting dinner on the table FAST!  

______

## Menu Plan Monday #448

Search for:

Cool Off With These Summer Treats!

Easy Strawberry Cheesecake Ice Cream (no machine required)

Oreo Ice Cream Cake

Frosted Lemonade

Mixed Berry Smoothie

Mint Ice Cream Sandwich Cake

Strawberry Shortcake Sheet Cake

Cherry Limeade

Homemade Biscoff Ice Cream

Frozen Pink Lemonade Pie

"Fried" Ice Cream Dessert

Orange Julius

Oreo Milkshakes

Keep on Cooking

Breakfast Cookies

Read Post Print Recipe

Menu Plan Monday #418

Read Post Print Recipe

Southwest Chicken Chopped Salad

Read Post Print Recipe

Want More?

  * All Posts
  * Recipe Index
  * Menu Plan Monday

__Instagram __Facebook __Pinterest

This error message is only visible to WordPress admins  

**Error: No users set.**

This error message is only visible to WordPress admins  

**Error: No users set.**

enjoy!

  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * Contact
  * Search
  * Cookie Policy
  * Subscribe

Â© Life In The Lofthouse.

Site by

What's for dinner?

Crock Pot Creamy Ranch Chicken

Search for:

  * Breakfast
  * Lunch
  * Dinner
  * Desserts
  * Menu Plan Monday

______

  * About
  * Contact

**5 Tasty**

**20 Minute Miracles!**

Easy recipes for quick and delicious homemade meals!

free email series

YES, I WANT IT!

Search for:

### Subscribe!

Get free recipes sent straight to your inbox!

* * *

  * Recipes to your inbox
  * Life in the Lofthouse updates

* * *

  





