https://www.thechunkychef.com/spicy-thai-noodles/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Free Ebook! _Subscribe to updates & get a recipe book!_

## Subscribe & Receive My Free Recipe Ebook!

Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.

Main Menu

The Chunky Chef

Comforting Family Recipes

Display Search Bar

Search...

  *   * All Recipes
  * Learn to Cook
  * Shop
    * My eBooks
    * Favorite Products
  * About
  * Contact

##  Trending:

###  Slow Cooker

###  Easy Dinners

###  Desserts

My Saved Recipe Box

  * Browse By:
  * Course
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Main Dishes
    * Sides
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Salads
    * Soups
    * Sandwiches
    * Healthy-ish
  * Ingredient
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Turkey
    * Seafood
    * Meatless
    * Pasta
  * Cuisine
    * Asian
    * Italian
    * Mexican
    * Hawaiian
    * Middle Eastern
    * Comfort Food
  * Method
    * One Pot
    * Crockpot
    * Instant Pot
    * Oven
    * Fried
    * Grilling/BBQ
  * ##  Trending: 

###  Slow Cooker

###  Easy Dinners

###  Desserts

Home / Cuisines / Asian

# 20 Minute Spicy Thai Noodles

4.50

/5

20 minutes

229 Comments

Jump to Recipe Print Pin

By: The Chunky Chefpublished: **01/17/2018**

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read my disclosure policy.

* * *

## **Deliciously spicy with hints of sweetness, these thai noodles are an
amazing addition to your dinner table. Try them tonight!**

* * *

_If you 're looking to spice up your weeknight dinner routine, you have to try
these spicy Thai noodles! This recipe uses regular, everyday ingredients and
transforms them into a spicy dish you're sure to love!_

Most of the things I make are for the family, for dinnerâ€¦ but occasionally I
make something just for my husband, for his lunches at work. These Spicy Thai
Noodles are a great example ðŸ™‚ They are waaaaay too spicy for the family, but
perfect for him. These noodles are very simple to make but pack a huge flavor
punch!

Anything spicy is right up my husband's alley, but he actually found these on
Pinterest and I adapted the recipe to his tastes. And of course, I want to
share it with all of you ðŸ˜€

One of the best things about these noodles is that they use regular pasta. No
special noodles to search for in the grocery store, just plain ol' linguine,
fettuccine, or spaghetti. Awesome right? It also uses ingredients you may
already have in your pantry and refrigerator!

**TIPS AND TRICKS FOR MAKING SPICY THAI NOODLES:**

  * Know what heat level you can handle! There's a big range of red pepper listed in the recipe, because I wanted you to be able to customize this to your tastes. Be warned, using 1 - 1 1/2 Tbsp will make this reallllly spicy!
  * These Thai noodles can be served hot, at room temperature or cold, so they're totally versatile.
  * Garnish! Usually garnishes are optional and sort of a take it or leave it situationâ€¦ for this recipe they really elevate the flavors and make it taste even better, so try them if you can.
  * Any long pasta will work here. I used linguine because that's what I had, but spaghetti, fettuccine, angel hair, etc would work.

**WHAT PROTEIN COULD I ADD?**

This dish is naturally vegetarian, but yes, protein can definitely be added!
Here are my favorites:

  * Chicken - sliced into strips
  * Pork - sliced into strips
  * Shrimp
  * Tofu - the baked method described HERE is our favorite!

The next time you're looking for something incredibly bold and flavorful to
liven up your weeknight dinner routine, look no further than these spicy Thai
noodles!!

Getting hungry yet? ðŸ˜‰

Recipe adapted from A Small Snippet ðŸ™‚

Recipe originally published in December 2014, but has been updated with new
photos and clearer instructions.

* * *

## **WANT TO TRY THESE SPICY THAI NOODLES?**

### **PIN THEM TO YOUR DINNER OR PASTA BOARD TO SAVE FOR LATER!**

#### **FIND ME ON PINTEREST FOR MORE GREAT RECIPES!**

**Did you make this?** Be sure to leave a review below and tag me
@the_chunky_chef on Facebook and Instagram!

## Spicy Thai Noodles

4.50 from 144 votes

Author: The Chunky Chef

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Total Time: 20 minutes

Calories: 366

Servings: 6 servings

(hover over # to adjust)

Print Rate Pin

Deliciously spicy with hints of sweetness, these noodles are an amazing
addition to your dinner table

### Ingredients

  * â–¢ 1 lb linguine pasta (or fettuccine spaghetti, etc)
  * â–¢ 1/2 - 1 1/2 Tbsp red pepper flakes (amount depends on how spicy you want it)
  * â–¢ 2 Tbsp vegetable oil
  * â–¢ 1/3 - 1/2 cup toasted sesame oil
  * â–¢ 1 1/2 tsp chili paste
  * â–¢ 6 Tbsp soy sauce
  * â–¢ 6 Tbsp honey
  * â–¢ Scallions carrots, peanuts, cilantro, Sriracha, and sesame seeds to garnish

### Instructions

  * Chop garnishes and set aside.

  * Boil pasta, drain.

  * While pasta is boiling, heat oils in a large skillet with red pepper flakes.  

  * Once oil is hot, strain pepper flakes, reserving the oil in a bowl. Add reserved oil back into the skillet and add the chili paste. Whisk in soy sauce and honey.

  * Toss pasta in the skillet with the sauce.

  * Can be served hot, room temperature or cold.  Top with garnishes and enjoy!

**Want to save this recipe for later?** Click the heart in the bottom right
corner to save to your own recipe box!

### Video

###

Nutrition Disclaimer

The Chunky Chef is not a dietician or nutritionist, and any nutritional
information shared is an estimate. If calorie count and other nutritional
values are important to you, we recommend running the ingredients through
whichever online nutritional calculator you prefer. Calories can vary quite a
bit depending on which brands were used.

Did You Make This?Tag @the_chunky_chef on Instagram and hashtag it
#thechunkychef so I can see what you made!

Tag on Insta! Leave a Rating Save for Later Saved!

### **NEVER MISS A CHUNKY CHEF RECIPE:**

### **FACEBOOK / INSTAGRAM / PINTEREST / TWITTER **

### You May Also Like...

  * 20 Minute Vegetarian Skillet Lasagna

  * Spicy Thai Peanut Chicken Wraps

  * 30 Minute Spicy Ginger Szechuan Beef

  * 20 Minute Tortellini Pasta Carbonara

Previous Post

Next Post

#### Meet The Chunky Chef

Hey there! I'm Amanda. Wife, mother, photography nerd, and bacon lover! I
believe that delicious meals should be easy to make. Now that youâ€™re here,
stay a bit, browse a few recipes, and letâ€™s get cookinâ€™!

Learn More

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Have a question? Submit your question, comment, or review below.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Î”

  1. Tammt says

Posted on 8/1 at 6:22 pm

Delish, I added fresh cut up limes as amazing acidity.

Reply

  2. Maggie says

Posted on 7/26 at 6:37 pm

I just love this recipe! I used rice noodles. So easy to make and you can add
veggies or not.

Reply

  3. Matthew. says

Posted on 7/17 at 12:09 am

OK, so there is, uh, some differences that I would do. For instance, I would
use a traditional Thai noodle. The red pepper flakes is a good start. Me
personally, I would like to use a Thai chili instead. I like things spicy.
When I read your list of ingredients, they're mostly accurate. Another thing
that I would include is coconut milk.

Reply

    * The Chunky Chef says

Posted on 7/18 at 8:35 pm

That's the wonderful thing about recipes; you can tweak them to your tastes.

Reply

  4. Nicholas_t says

Posted on 5/18 at 9:59 am

This was easy to make and very tasty. I used 2 tablespoons of the chili paste
a the crushed red pepper and it was very spicy!

Reply

  5. Chopchic says

Posted on 5/13 at 1:24 pm

This sounds delish, but not sure what makes this Thaiâ€¦no tamarind, no fish
sauce, no peanuts.

Reply

  6. Scarlette says

Posted on 5/7 at 10:45 am

When you say chile paste, do you mean siracha?

Reply

    * The Chunky Chef says

Posted on 5/9 at 8:44 pm

I usually use sambal oelek, like this one
https://www.meijer.com/shopping/product/sambal-oelek-ground-fresh-chili-
paste-16-oz/2446306108.html

Reply

  7. Anita Hawkins says

Posted on 4/29 at 5:08 pm

Looks delicious. I plan to make this. If I wanted to add shrimp how would I
prepare

Reply

    * The Chunky Chef says

Posted on 4/30 at 11:00 pm

I would add the raw shrimp to the skillet in step 3 and cook until cooked
through, then remove to a plate (cover it to keep the shrimp warm), then
proceed as directed. Just add the shrimp before serving ðŸ™‚

Reply

  8. jack hawkins says

Posted on 4/25 at 9:50 am

superb!

Reply

Older Comments

## Primary Sidebar

###  welcome!

Hey there! I'm Amanda. Wife, mother, photography nerd, and bacon lover! I
believe that delicious meals should be easy to make. Now that youâ€™re here,
stay a bit, browse a few recipes, and letâ€™s get cookinâ€™!

**New!** Save Recipes To Your Own Account!

###  Free eBook!

Subscribe & receive my most popular recipes compiled into an easy ebook
format!

download now!

## Subscribe & Receive My Free Recipe Ebook!

Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.

### Game Day Recipes!

###  Honey Garlic Crockpot Meatballs

2 hours 5 minutes

###  Queso Dip Recipe

20 minutes

###  Creamy Bacon Cheeseburger Dip

32 minutes

###  Bourbon BBQ Smoked Chicken Wings

3 hours

###  Buffalo Chicken Dip (Crockpot Recipe)

2 hours 10 minutes

###  Chicken Taco Mexican Pinwheels

15 minutes

More Holiday Recipes >

### Who doesn't love free stuff?

**Who doesn't love free stuff?** Get an ad-free ebook of my most popular
recipes, plus be the FIRST to know about new things coming to the site!

Keep me updated

__________

### Looking for something?

Search...

### As Seen Onâ€¦

### Stay Connected

subscribe to get new posts via email:

Subscribe

__________

Quick & Easy

##  Dinner Favorites

M

###  Crockpot Beef Barley Soup

T

###  Instant Pot Chicken & Dumplings

W

###  Honey Garlic Glazed Salmon

R

###  Italian Wedding Soup

F

###  Honey Garlic Chicken

S

###  Swedish Meatballs

Opens in a new window Opens an external site Opens an external site in a new
window

free e-book!

##  Download MY Free Recipe eBook!

Subscribe & receive my most popular recipes compiled into an easy ebook
format!

get my copy!

## Subscribe & Receive My Free Recipe Ebook!

Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.

##  As Featured On:

Back to Top

##  Recipes

###  Dinners

###  Appetizers

###  Desserts

###  Slow Cooker

##  Learn to Cook

###  Start Here

###  Tips & Tricks

###  e-Cookbook

###  Easy Recipes

  * About
  * Work With Me
  * Privacy
  * Contact

(C) 2022 The Chunky Chef

Site Credits Designed by Melissa Rose Design Developed by Once Coupled

Back to Top

  *   *   *   * 

