https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220134/authentic-pad-thai-noodles/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Thai
  6. Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

# Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Rating: 4 stars 4.2

75 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 39 
  * 4 star values: 23 
  * 3 star values: 7 
  * 2 star values: 3 
  * 1 star values: 3 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 75 Ratings 
  * 54 Reviews 
  * 19 Photos 

This is an authentic Thai recipe, with the proper ingredients (no ketchup or
peanut butter). It is easy, quick, and absolutely delicious.

Recipe by Julia

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Add Photo

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles Lynette

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles Stacie McCarty

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles Kelsey Geddes

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles Cathryn

\+ 15 15 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

30 mins

cook:

20 mins

additional:

1 hr 10 mins

total:

2 hrs

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ⅔ cup dried rice vermicelli 
  * ¼ cup peanut oil 
  * ⅔ cup thinly sliced firm tofu 
  * 1 large egg, beaten 
  * 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped 
  * ¼ cup vegetable broth 
  * 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice 
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon white sugar 
  * 1 teaspoon salt 
  * ½ teaspoon dried red chili flakes 
  * 3 tablespoons chopped peanuts 
  * 1 pound bean sprouts, divided 
  * 3 green onions, whites cut thinly across and greens sliced into thin lengths - divided 
  * 3 tablespoons chopped peanuts 
  * 2 limes, cut into wedges for garnish 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Soak rice vermicelli noodles in a bowl filled with hot water until softened,
30 minutes to 1 hour. Drain and set aside.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat peanut oil over medium heat in a large wok.

  * Step 3

Cook and stir tofu in the wok, turning the pieces until they are golden on all
sides.

  * Step 4

Remove tofu with a slotted spoon and drain on plate lined with paper towels.

  * Step 5

Pour all but 1 tablespoon of used oil from the wok into a small bowl; it will
be used again in a later step.

  * Step 6

Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in the wok over medium heat until it
starts to sizzle.

  * Step 7

Pour in beaten egg and lightly toss in the hot oil to scramble the egg.

  * Step 8

Remove egg from the wok and set aside.

  * Step 9

Pour reserved peanut oil in the small bowl back into the wok.

  * Step 10

Toss garlic and drained noodles in wok until they are coated with oil.

  * Step 11

Stir in vegetable broth, lime juice, soy sauce, and sugar. Toss and gently
push noodles around the pan to coat with sauce.

  * Step 12

Gently mix in tofu, scrambled egg, salt, chili flakes, and 3 tablespoons
peanuts; toss to mix all ingredients.

  * Step 13

Mix in bean sprouts and green onions, reserving about 1 tablespoon of each for
garnish. Cook and stir until bean sprouts have softened slightly, 1 to 2
minutes.

  * Step 14

Arrange noodles on a warm serving platter and garnish with 3 tablespoons
peanuts and reserved bean sprouts and green onions. Place lime wedges around
the edges of the platter.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

397 calories; protein 13.2g; carbohydrates 39.5g; fat 23.3g; cholesterol
40.9mg; sodium 1233.8mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (54)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

AuburnJeff

Rating: 4 stars

09/12/2012

I found the flavor to be very good. I made some minor tweaks mostly because my
wife cannot eat garlic, so I increase the scallions and added chicken with the
tofu. My problem has been getting the noodle consistency correc.t First time I
soaked for about an hour as instructed, and they were kind of crunchy but
tasty. Second time I kept the water warm on the stove (not boiling...below a
simmer actually), and the noodles came out totally mushy. Now I am soaking
them in warm water (per package instructions) and checking them every 2
minutes until they seem right. I suppose this depends on a lot of factors,
like brand of vermicelli, water temp, etc. So I am not blaming the recipe for
this. Just a heads up to others, mostly. As far as the recipe, I took away a
star only because it is a bit time consuming. But it is worth it, for sure.

Read More

Helpful (18)

### Most helpful critical review

SarahJP

Rating: 2 stars

06/18/2012

I hate to say it, but I found this recipe to be rather tasteless. After making
it as written, I ended up adding 1-2 Tablespoons of peanut butter and 3 extra
Tablespoons of sugar. Maybe that's not authentic, but it sure tasted better. I
may not make this again - I found it to be kind of a fussy process with not a
lot of reward.

Read More

Helpful (8)

75 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 39 
  * 4 star values: 23 
  * 3 star values: 7 
  * 2 star values: 3 
  * 1 star values: 3 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

AuburnJeff

Rating: 4 stars

09/12/2012

I found the flavor to be very good. I made some minor tweaks mostly because my
wife cannot eat garlic, so I increase the scallions and added chicken with the
tofu. My problem has been getting the noodle consistency correc.t First time I
soaked for about an hour as instructed, and they were kind of crunchy but
tasty. Second time I kept the water warm on the stove (not boiling...below a
simmer actually), and the noodles came out totally mushy. Now I am soaking
them in warm water (per package instructions) and checking them every 2
minutes until they seem right. I suppose this depends on a lot of factors,
like brand of vermicelli, water temp, etc. So I am not blaming the recipe for
this. Just a heads up to others, mostly. As far as the recipe, I took away a
star only because it is a bit time consuming. But it is worth it, for sure.

Sarah

Rating: 5 stars

04/25/2012

it wasn't really quick to make, but it was delicious as written. didn't change
a thing.

Rebecca Jo Stevens

Rating: 5 stars

02/26/2012

Absolutely incredible! Only change, I omitted the bean sprouts. I will
definately will make over & over again!

coolcowz

Rating: 5 stars

05/12/2014

I used shrimp and added red pepper flakes at that time to get a gentle
"heating up" of the spice level. This recipe needs cilantro added to the
ingredient list, to be stirred in at the last minute before serving, or just
sprinkled on top. Used a box of rice stir fry noodles (intended for pad thai)
and followed box directions to cook by adding to a pot of boiling water,
remove from heat and let sit 10 minutes, then drain and rinse with cool water.
Let sit until ready to add in this dish with the seasoning. The other tester's
suggestion of fish sauce is also a good idea. VERY GOOD!!

SarahJP

Rating: 2 stars

06/18/2012

I hate to say it, but I found this recipe to be rather tasteless. After making
it as written, I ended up adding 1-2 Tablespoons of peanut butter and 3 extra
Tablespoons of sugar. Maybe that's not authentic, but it sure tasted better. I
may not make this again - I found it to be kind of a fussy process with not a
lot of reward.

merlion

Rating: 4 stars

05/13/2013

Not too bad although I would recommend adding some fish sauce instead of salt.

Michele DiCarlo

Rating: 5 stars

05/10/2012

Amazing!!! Made this 2 times this week. Fresh and light. Second time I made 2
batches one with tofu and one with chicken. Both were great!!!

Weird Trick

Rating: 3 stars

06/28/2017

As they say, there are as many authentic Pad Thai recipes as there are Thai
cooks. I was hesitant to make this when I saw the choice of noodles and the
omission of either tamarind paste or fish sauce. After making it per the
recipe given, it was pleasant enough if not a bit bland. The sauce didn't have
the Pad Thai flavor that I expected and have experienced in good Thai
restaurants.

McBacon

Rating: 5 stars

04/24/2013

I loved this recipe! My whole family did, actually. I added more peanuts &
omitted the bean sprouts & the chili flakes. I also added more noodles and
more broth. I used vegetable oil instead of peanut oil & did not add salt. I
loved it! I wanted to use peanut oil, but had none and it was expensive at the
store. Maybe next time!

coffeecourts

Rating: 5 stars

01/22/2017

This was Delicious!! This was my first time making an authentic asian recipe,
frying tofu, etc ... It was kind of a whirlwind to prepare... all of the steps
happen pretty fast so preparation is key. I followed the recipe exactly and my
family devoured it. Thank you!

idlehands

Rating: 5 stars

05/26/2013

Made it to spec for my family and they loved it. I would maybe make it with a
bit more sauce next time, but that's it!

Josephine Wood

Rating: 4 stars

05/09/2012

Quite enjoyable and not too sweet, hubby enjoyed much more that some others
that I've tried.

DianaK

Rating: 5 stars

05/05/2019

With some modifications, this recipe brought my Dad, who loves Pad Thai but
cannot manage going out to eat any more, happiness! He has not been eating
much lately but he ate every bit on his plate!! I used Japanese rice noodles
instead of vermicelli, a little less sugar, a little more lime juice, 1/2 Fish
Sauce and 1/2 Soy Sauce, added natural peanut butter to the sauce, and added
vegetables like shredded carrots, mushrooms and peppers. We all loved it.
Especially my Dad!

IcuRN

Rating: 5 stars

04/30/2015

Excellent! My fiancee almost ate the whole thing in one sitting. Adding a
little fish sauce is a nice touch. I found it was key to cut the tofu into
very small pieces to get a nice even frying.

Liza Albright

Rating: 4 stars

10/04/2016

This was a pretty good recipe overall and close to. A little too much garlic
for my taste so I halved the garlic. I also added a little more broth because
the dish was a tad dry. Also, I followed the instructions on the rice noodle
package rather than soaking them for the time the recipe suggested. The
soaking time on the package was half of what the recipe suggests. I'm afraid
if I had soaked the noodles for the entire time suggested by the recipe they
would have been mush.

keeper

Rating: 5 stars

02/09/2017

Lady you got it going on thanks it was the best better than noodles and
company

Lisa Mari Stockdale

Rating: 5 stars

09/22/2016

First time making Pad Thai! One of my favorite dishes in the restaurant. I
used sesame seed oil, just because it is what I had, and it tasted fine. Also,
I added shrimp! In my opinion, the recipe could use less lime juice, more
chili flakes, and extra peanuts. Otherwise, it's a terrific base for my new
pad Thai dish!

MMMICHELLE

Rating: 5 stars

09/29/2015

Way too good!! Everyone LOVED it. Easy and delicious. Thank you so much.

Ruth B

Rating: 1 stars

09/30/2017

This dish was dry and there wasn't much flavor.

Jess

Rating: 4 stars

01/14/2017

This recipe worked better than most of my attempts at pad thai. I would prefer
a little more kick but that was easily remedied with sriracha, cilantro, and
lime juice upon serving. I used shrimp instead of tofu.

kamilton

Rating: 5 stars

06/04/2012

So fresh tasting! Nice and light. Will be making again, definitely!

Stacie296

Rating: 4 stars

04/05/2016

I added chicken breast in place of the tofu and also topped it with homemade
peanut sauce (the kind for sate with a PB and coconut milk base) and that gave
it the flavor it needed. A bit bland on its own.

Aaron

Rating: 5 stars

11/12/2015

Best pad thai, ever had. Made a few tweeks, added chicken, and dried oinions.
Also replaced chili oil with chili flakes and dry noodles with fresh chow mein
noodles. Only problem was did not make enough.

Yellobat

Rating: 4 stars

02/18/2015

Don't make it with vermicelli. Go for wider rice noodles so they're more like
pad thai noodles from restaurants and won't break apart (also easier to eat
with chop sticks). The flavor was good but I needed it punched up. Like it was
pad thai flavor but the intensity wasn't there. I'd keep trying this dish,
though.

nahid

Rating: 4 stars

01/13/2017

I made it. It was very good. I will use this recipe again. But I would use a
little less salt.

Jbooshey

Rating: 5 stars

07/24/2014

I accidentally bought flour vermicelli, but this dish is more about the flavor
anyhow and the meal cooked quicker with the pasta I bought. Although the
chewiness of the tofu wasn't very good, the flavor in this dish along with the
different textures was outstanding.

The_cake_machine

Rating: 5 stars

03/26/2018

I first made this a few months ago, and it has since become a staple dinner.
Fantastic recipe, travels well if you want to take it to work for lunch the
next day. I don't usually have red pepper flakes, so I sub in chili powder and
it worked pretty well- plus I add more noodles and eggs because I like the way
they absorb the flavour.

Saltba

Rating: 4 stars

09/14/2015

Added fish sauce, replacing some soy sauce. Also added vinegar, but it wasn't
needed.

totchipanda

Rating: 5 stars

11/09/2015

I didn't have peanut oil, tofu or bean sprouts, but this was still really
really yummy! Definitely going to make it again :) I also didn't add the
teaspoon of salt since soy sauce is generally pretty salty already. I found it
tasted just fine.

Sarah Rose Hart

Rating: 1 stars

01/17/2021

There was another review that mentioned how bland this recipe is. I think it
was an understatement. I decided to try the recipe anyway because I typically
don’t need a ton of salt or flavor to enjoy something. This recipe just isn’t
a good one. The proportions are all off and the steps aren’t correct. I have
yet to see a single good pad thai recipe on Allrecipes. Guess I’ll have to
continue getting takeout.

loriferg

Rating: 4 stars

02/17/2017

This is a good base recipe for Pad Thai. My husband and I enjoy lots of
flavor, so I did make a few changes. I used chicken and added sugar snap peas,
matchstick carrots, and red peppers, which I sautéed a few minutes before
adding the garlic and noodles. After tasting the recipe I decided to add a few
tablespoons of peanut satay sauce and a good squirt of sriracha sauce. It was
delicious! I will definitely make this again, maybe adding some fresh ginger
next time!

Berlee Rut

Rating: 3 stars

05/18/2016

It wasn't the best. I changed it up a bit; instead of using peanut oil I used
sesame oil. I opted out of the tofu and used, surprise, surprise, roast beef.
I cut maybe a quarter of a nice sized one and used that. All the flavors
seemed to blend, and that's why I say that it wasn't the best. It was as if it
was missing something. My mom says that it would be good with cilantro, maybe
next. This was my first time making this dish, afterall.

MTCHYG

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2015

Thank you for this.

valery13

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2016

I love this dish it's so good. I've found that when I make it I have to triple
it though (it's that good and my kids love it!). One thing that's nice about
it is that it's spiced perfectly for kids. I always add more chili flakes to
mine, but I love spicy foods. Thanks again for sharing this one!!!

jenn

Rating: 4 stars

02/26/2016

My husband and I thought it was really good. Had to add a little more flavor
but we are pretty particular. Would definitely make this again.

Patrice Beaulieu

Rating: 5 stars

08/20/2016

Delicious and you can make changes as you go! The noodles really soaked up the
flavor and the dish was ever better as leftovers the next day. I would even
eat this cold as a salad. I nixed the tofu and all peanut ingredients and
added mushrooms, a 2nd egg, and an extra green onion instead. (I don't like
peanut flavors in my food other than in dessert or on toast). I added extra
soy sauce and about 1/2 teaspoon of sesame oil. The only difficulty I had was
measuring the 2/3 cup of dried vermicelli without breaking the noodles up too
small. I ended up hydrating the entire package, chopping and using the amount
of noodles I desired (eye-balled it), and using the leftover plain noodles to
serve with meatballs and sauce later in the week.

Mia Meri

Rating: 4 stars

12/28/2015

Tasted authentic. I'm used to stronger flavours in general so I'm not a big
fan, but this tastes exactly like in the thai restaurants.

Nicolette Stoddard

Rating: 5 stars

08/30/2016

Delicious! made a quadruple batch of sauce...easy meal and filling. Didn't
change a thing!

emilie

Rating: 5 stars

02/15/2018

I make this recipe all the time, my husband and I love it. I always add
chicken and also I usually double the sauce and add more noodles but only so
we have enough for leftovers

Baka-boy

Rating: 4 stars

07/14/2013

I added chicken for my household - was great.

MopMop

Rating: 5 stars

10/13/2016

I started off by wetting an unknown multiple of the amount of noodles listed
here and eyeballed all measurements from there. Also overcooked the tofu, so
didn't use it, and didn't add beansprouts. Tasted awesome. Great recipe

jackie1martin

Rating: 4 stars

02/02/2022

Lovely mild flavor.

Angela Curtis

Rating: 3 stars

07/25/2018

It was tasty but not the flavors we were looking for. It wasn’t “quick”
either, between soaking noodles and prepping ingredients it took me over an
hour and a half to make. If you’re looking for a restaurant style pad thai
this isn’t it. My husband was disappointed but it tasted good so my family
enjoyed it. I followed the recipe exactly except I used pad thai noodles and
not the thinner vermicelli.

Tim Swiontkowski

Rating: 4 stars

04/12/2015

Good but not great. I will try it again

Worleyann

Rating: 5 stars

09/14/2018

Update - After increasing the sauce, set the recipe to three and use that for
your guide for the rest of the ingredients, increasing the eggs to 3. Use the
best non stick pan you have and this is much easier and do not need oil. This
will make enough for 4 BIG eaters. I but the noodles is a 16 oz pack and use
about 1/3 package. Perfect.

Jennifer Henninger Linton

Rating: 5 stars

03/17/2015

I also added peapods and an extra egg. Delicious!

Justyna

Rating: 3 stars

07/21/2016

A lot of ingredients, a lot of time, not a lot of flavor. I halved the recipe
and used the fettuccine rice noodles, and cooked them according to
instructions - which is probably why the dish sucked so bad - it was
completely dry, and the noodles were clumped up. Also, 2/3 cup thin tofu
slices from the recipe equal 3 tofu slices per serving.. Overall, I thought it
was very bland, and i won't be making it again; even with vermicelli noodles.

jojokrako

Rating: 3 stars

03/06/2021

Not bad but very salty. I'd leave out the salt provided there's more than
enough from the soy sauce.

Julie Sailor

Rating: 3 stars

12/23/2015

Ok, but pretty tasteless, but I admit I changed a few things - mostly to add
flavor. I used sesame oil, chicken/chicken bullion, 2 more eggs scrambled, 2
Tbls peanut butter, celery sauteed, 1/4 c more water when it boiled dry.
Didn't add the red pepper for the kids. I served with hot sesame oil. Pastey
flavor - think I'll stick with my Asian noodle recipe from Florence Lin.

Christmas Queen

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2016

This has become almost a weekly dinner in our house. With a few minor changes.
We thought it was a bit dry the first time making it so we've increased the
"sauce" ingredients: 1 cup of broth, 5T. lime juice, 5T. of soy sauce, and 7T.
of sugar. We also use a tofu press to get most of the water out of the tofu
before browning it in the wok. And cube it rather then slicce it. Thank you
for a great recipe.

Jake Claes

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2016

Great base recipe. I used white rice noodles instead. It was a little too
light on the sauce. Next time I plan to double the sauce portion, add more red
pepper flakes (I like it HOT), add a little peanut butter and probably another
egg. But this is a great starting point. This recipe also doesn't have the
unusual oils such as fish or oyster oils.

Christl N Babcock

Rating: 5 stars

03/05/2019

Yes and I made a dry pad Thai sauce that I sell at farmers markets

Coco Hurst

Rating: 1 stars

01/21/2018

Used tamarind paste to make it taste authentic also wide rice noodles. Ones
this thin for me end up dry and sticky.

Holly Bug

Rating: 4 stars

11/21/2014

Yummy! I didn't have any of the suggested noodles so I substituted them for
two packets of ramen noodles and it worked out fine :) A little salty even
though I only used 1/2 tsp salt, I might omit it all together since the soy
sauce makes up for it.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

##  All Reviews for Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 396.8  

% Daily Value *

protein:  13.2g  26 %

carbohydrates:  39.5g  13 %

dietary fiber:  5g  20 %

sugars:  9.9g

fat:  23.3g  36 %

saturated fat:  3.9g  19 %

cholesterol:  40.9mg  14 %

vitamin a iu:  461.6IU  9 %

niacin equivalents:  5.7mg  44 %

vitamin b6:  0.3mg  16 %

vitamin c:  29mg  48 %

folate:  111.4mcg  28 %

calcium:  204mg  20 %

iron:  4.5mg  25 %

magnesium:  71.8mg  26 %

potassium:  429.7mg  12 %

sodium:  1233.8mg  49 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  13 %

calories from fat:  210

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 54

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

1 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Lynette

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

2 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Stacie McCarty

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

3 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Kelsey Geddes

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

4 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Cathryn

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

5 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Gareth Cooper

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

6 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Angela Curtis

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

7 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

JC

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

8 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Lisa Mari Stockdale

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

9 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

catmattava

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

10 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

colfax13

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

11 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Christina

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

12 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Siddharth Ghildiyal

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

13 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

badgirl

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

14 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

MMMICHELLE

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

15 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

natashasary

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

16 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Elena Cristina

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

17 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

kristen leigh

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

18 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Shecanada

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

19 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

McBacon

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

20 of 19 Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

Sarah

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Authentic Pad Thai Noodles to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Authentic Pad Thai Noodles

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

