https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232279/one-pot-thai-style-rice-noodles/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

# One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

Rating: 4 stars 4.1

30 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 15 
  * 4 star values: 6 
  * 3 star values: 6 
  * 2 star values: 3 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 30 Ratings 
  * 22 Reviews 
  * 8 Photos 

Chicken, vegetables, and noodles prepared in a light tasting but full-flavored
Asian-inspired sauce.

Recipe by Kniterly

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

Add Photo

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles Natalie Brock

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles MarvelousMarv

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles Daiy Rogers

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles ashley_mcsmiley

\+ 4 4 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

15 mins

additional:

5 mins

total:

40 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 tablespoons cornstarch 
  * 1 ½ tablespoons water 
  * 6 cups chicken broth 
  * 2 ½ tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon rice vinegar 
  * 1 tablespoon chile-garlic sauce (such as Sriracha®), or more to taste 
  * 2 teaspoons vegetable oil 
  * 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger root 
  * 2 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 1 teaspoon ground coriander 
  * 1 (16 ounce) package thick rice noodles 
  * 1 cup sliced zucchini 
  * 1 cup sliced red bell pepper 
  * 2 cooked chicken breasts, cut into 1-inch cubes 
  * ¼ cup crushed peanuts (Optional)
  * ¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro (Optional)

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Stir cornstarch and water together in a small bowl until smooth. Pour chicken
broth into a large pot and stir cornstarch mixture, soy sauce, fish sauce,
rice vinegar, chile-garlic sauce, vegetable oil, ginger, garlic, and coriander
into broth. Cover and bring to a boil.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Place rice noodles in the boiling sauce, reduce heat to medium, and simmer
until noodles are tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Stir zucchini, red bell pepper, and
chicken into sauce. Bring back to a boil, cover, and simmer until vegetables
are just become tender, about 5 more minutes.

  * Step 3

Remove from heat and let stand, covered, for 5 minutes to thicken. Serve
garnished with crushed peanuts and cilantro.

I Made It  Print

##  Cook's Note:

I often use frozen mixed vegetables in a pinch for an even quicker meal.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

587 calories; protein 17.4g; carbohydrates 104.9g; fat 9.2g; cholesterol
29.6mg; sodium 2736.3mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (22)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Lorna

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2017

The biggest cause of mushy and sticky rice noodles is that the starch is
broken down too quickly in boiling water. Thai chefs typically just soak the
noodles in room temperature water so that's what I did while I was preparing
the sauce. You want to soak them until you can wrap it around your finger
without breaking. I started the sauce in a 2.5 quart saucepan and did use
enough corn starch/water to get a thicker bubbly sauce. I used only 4 cups of
chicken broth and all the ingredients including Thai red chili paste and
ginger powder. While the sauce is cooking and the noodles are soaking, I
sautéed zucchini, red onion, and mushrooms seasoned with pepper, salt, and
garlic powder in a skillet with oil. During this time, I drained the noodles
and added them to the sauce for a few minutes. Once the vegetables were to the
firmness I desired, I then poured the noodles and sauce into the skillet,
sprinkled with red pepper flakes, and stirred it all together. I let all the
flavors come together for a few minutes and then served topped with peanuts.
My family LOVED it! No mushy, no watery, just perfect.

Read More

Helpful (25)

### Most helpful critical review

The Fragile Gourmet

Rating: 3 stars

03/21/2015

It has a good taste, but 3 stars due to the preparation. I followed the
directions exactly. By the time the vegetables cooked, the noodles were way
overcooked and mushy from stirring. What I would do next time is cook the
pepper and zucchini separately and just mix in at the end.

Read More

Helpful (9)

30 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 15 
  * 4 star values: 6 
  * 3 star values: 6 
  * 2 star values: 3 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Lorna

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2017

The biggest cause of mushy and sticky rice noodles is that the starch is
broken down too quickly in boiling water. Thai chefs typically just soak the
noodles in room temperature water so that's what I did while I was preparing
the sauce. You want to soak them until you can wrap it around your finger
without breaking. I started the sauce in a 2.5 quart saucepan and did use
enough corn starch/water to get a thicker bubbly sauce. I used only 4 cups of
chicken broth and all the ingredients including Thai red chili paste and
ginger powder. While the sauce is cooking and the noodles are soaking, I
sautéed zucchini, red onion, and mushrooms seasoned with pepper, salt, and
garlic powder in a skillet with oil. During this time, I drained the noodles
and added them to the sauce for a few minutes. Once the vegetables were to the
firmness I desired, I then poured the noodles and sauce into the skillet,
sprinkled with red pepper flakes, and stirred it all together. I let all the
flavors come together for a few minutes and then served topped with peanuts.
My family LOVED it! No mushy, no watery, just perfect.

The Fragile Gourmet

Rating: 3 stars

03/21/2015

It has a good taste, but 3 stars due to the preparation. I followed the
directions exactly. By the time the vegetables cooked, the noodles were way
overcooked and mushy from stirring. What I would do next time is cook the
pepper and zucchini separately and just mix in at the end.

anilb

Rating: 4 stars

04/22/2013

Its not bad, the broth could use a little salt. And when you cook the rice
noodles make sure you use a large pot and stir it constantly because the rice
noodles are really sticky.

Tifani

Rating: 5 stars

01/01/2014

I loved the sauce! Switched the veggies for sauteed mushrooms, green peppers,
green onions, and added a bit of tahini paste instead of using peanuts, but it
was amazing.

Kim's Cooking Now

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

08/04/2015

I changed the method a bit, only because my chicken breasts were still raw. I
cooked the chicken in the vegetable oil, until well browned, then added the
chicken stock and brought it to a boil, to make sure the chicken was cooked
through. Added the rest of the sauce ingredients, and then the zucchini and
red pepper, and only cooked about 5 minutes. I then removed the chicken and
vegetable to a separate bowl, and proceeded to cook the rice noodles in the
sauce, adding the chicken and veggies back at the end, just to heat through. I
really like the flavors in this. My family was not crazy about it though, so I
probably won't make it again.

KellyDB

Rating: 4 stars

03/15/2016

I omitted the peanuts because I didn't have any on hand but, I think it would
have improved the recipe so I would recommend using them. Also, as other
reviews suggested, I browned my chicken a little first since I was using raw
chicken. I did not have the same experience as other as far as the
consistency. My did not come out soupy however, the noodles did get sticky. I
think the corn starch is a little bit much and would lessen it just a bit.
Last thing is, this was not spicy to me although it did taste good. Next time
I would consider maybe adding some red pepper flakes for heat.

Jason

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2014

Very easy, but very good! Thank you.

bookwormlara

Rating: 4 stars

12/16/2015

Made it again using only 4 cups of broth, so it wasn’t soupy this time! I
might brown the chicken with some garlic or something next time because it’s
sort of bland— but that’s my fault, not the recipe’s. I didn’t soak the
noodles, but they turned out fine. I also didn’t have peanuts this time and
really missed them! Might add crunchy peanut butter to the leftovers.

MichaelP72

Rating: 3 stars

01/16/2016

Needs more vegetables. Didn't use cilantro or nuts, or have enough zucchini
for what it called for. Add more peppers (mult kinds), scallions and maybe
water chestnuts next time.

Tammy

Rating: 5 stars

08/11/2017

I made this for my husband and adult son, both said I couldn't make it often
enough

swifty&#39;s wifey

Rating: 5 stars

10/14/2015

A little soggy, but definitely delicious. Didnt have sriracha, but had
Louisiana Hot Sauce. Added heaping tablespoons of all natural peanut butter
toward the end that melted right in. Didn't have peanuts but hubby added
cashews as garnish. Yum!

Patsy

Rating: 3 stars

01/07/2016

The cornstarch amount was too, too much. I added it near the end of cooking
time. I would have used more vegetables, carrots, snow peas and celery for
more color and taste.

Clarice Bornschein

Rating: 5 stars

01/28/2019

It was a terrific main dish. My husband loved it. Will definitely make it
again. Thank You..

Brady25250

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2017

I made this as close to the recipe as possible. My husband and I both LOVED
it. This will make it into the regular dinner rotation.

Alexa Bublitz

Rating: 5 stars

06/01/2019

When using raw chicken, cook it in a large pan and then set aside to rest.
Then add veggies to the hot pan. Cook until done and then remove and set aside
with the chicken. add sauce ingredients and cook, (use about 3/4 to 1 cup
broth in sauce). once boiling for about two minutes add back in chicken and
veggies. let cook for about 5 minutes and add in almost-cooked noodles (I used
thin rice noodles submerged in hot water). Let that boil and cook for about 5
minutes and then you can serve.

123Cooking

Rating: 5 stars

12/24/2020

What a nice recipe! Would you mind if we were to feauture it on our instagram-
page? Of course all credit will go to you! Let us know, thanks.

marjohnal

Rating: 3 stars

02/02/2016

Just ok. Used bouillon cubes for the chicken broth and it was way salty. Had
to add more water to make it edible. We ate it but will not be making again.
Some things you just have to go out for - we have plenty of Thai restaurants
in the area so will leave this dish to the experts!

supermckee

Rating: 2 stars

05/05/2018

I wasnt a huge fan. Mostly followed the directions except for making sure the
noodles weren't mushy. But my biggest problem with it was how bland it was. I
wouldn't make it again.

Elizabeth Womble

Rating: 2 stars

04/24/2018

Would not make it again. Super bland and a little bitter

Cheri Clark

Rating: 5 stars

02/01/2016

My son loves cooking and eating this!

ashley_mcsmiley

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2017

Great quick and easy meal to make! I did a few things different, I cooked the
noodles in the sauce and strained them. At the same time I sauteed the
vegetables in a few tablespoons of the sauce and a tablespoon of crunchy
peanut butter. I also substituted edamame for chicken.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

02/15/2018

Really good! Whatever you do, do not add more salt to the broth! I cooked the
broth, chicken and veggies for the 20 mins and added the noodles the last 5
mins. Perfect.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

##  All Reviews for One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 586.8  

% Daily Value *

protein:  17.4g  35 %

carbohydrates:  104.9g  34 %

dietary fiber:  3.9g  16 %

sugars:  3.6g

fat:  9.2g  14 %

saturated fat:  1.4g  7 %

cholesterol:  29.6mg  10 %

vitamin a iu:  1101.9IU  22 %

niacin equivalents:  7.6mg  58 %

vitamin b6:  0.3mg  20 %

vitamin c:  35.9mg  60 %

folate:  41mcg  10 %

calcium:  46.7mg  5 %

iron:  1.9mg  11 %

magnesium:  55.7mg  20 %

potassium:  325.3mg  9 %

sodium:  2736.3mg  110 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  13 %

calories from fat:  82.6

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 22

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

1 of 8 One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

Natalie Brock

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

2 of 8 One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

MarvelousMarv

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

3 of 8 One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

Daiy Rogers

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

4 of 8 One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

ashley_mcsmiley

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

5 of 8 One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

Deborah Pinn

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

6 of 8 One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

MAULDINK

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

7 of 8 One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

Kim's Cooking Now

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

8 of 8 One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

Holli

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

One Pot Thai-Style Rice Noodles

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

