https://www.acouplecooks.com/sauteed-vegetables/


Skip to content

A Couple Cooks

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle

  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe

Search for

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle

  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe

Receive free weekly recipes & inspiration!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

Sign Up

Privacy Policy & Disclosure

  *   *   *   *   * 

Home ‹ Recipes ‹ Side Dishes & Salad Recipes

# Ultimate Sauteed Vegetables

vegan vegetarian gluten freeJump to Recipe

by Sonja Overhiser

Buy Our Cookbook

**_Here 's how to make the best sauteed vegetables: colorful, flavor-packed
and crisp tender! Gone are the days of the soggy veggie saute._**

Looking for a quick and easy side dish? Here's the fastest way to get colorful
veggies to jump onto your plate: the **Ultimate Sautéed Vegetables** recipe.
The good old veggie saute is often done wrong: it's super soggy, or completely
bland in flavor. Think of that pile of limp zucchini and carrots you might eat
at a wedding buffet. So why don't we do a total makeover on the old veggie
saute? These sauteed vegetables are beautifully colored, bursting with flavor
and crisp tender in texture. They're the perfect side dish you've never had.
Ready to get started?

## How to sauté vegetables: the basics

Sautéing is hands down the fastest way to cook vegetables. The word comes from
the French word "to jump," meaning that you'll need to keep stirring or
flipping the pan for the entire cook time. To sauté you'll need a good skillet
and a fat to use for cooking, typically either olive oil or butter. Sauteing
browns the outside of the food, which helps complex flavors to develop (called
the Maillard reaction, the scientific term for browning food). Here are the
basic steps for sauteeing vegetables, and the approximate timing for each type
of vegetable:

  1. Chop the vegetable into bite-sized pieces.
  2. Add olive oil to a large skillet and heat it over medium high heat.
  3. Add the veggies and cook until tender, stirring frequently. Use the following approximate timing:
    1.  **Frozen peas:**  ~2 minutes
    2.  **Greens (kale, spinach):**  ~3 minutes
    3.  **Mushrooms:**  ~7 minutes
    4.  **Broccoli, asparagus:  **~8 minutes
    5.  **Cauliflower, onions:**  ~10 minutes
    6.  **Bell peppers:** ~10 to 12 minutes
    7.  **Carrots:**  ~12 minutes

## Ingredients for these ultimate sauteed vegetables

For this sautéed vegetables recipe, we wanted to pick vegetables that would
cook in approximately the same amount of time. When you choose vegetables with
different cook times, you can add the longest cooking veggies first and then
stagger the start times of the short cooking vegetables. This recipe we
customized so you can cook them all at once! We also wanted to pick a rainbow
of colors to make a visually appealing vegan side dish, and load on the
nutrients. Here's what we ended up with:

  * **Bell peppers:** Bell peppers are beautiful, delicious, and are loaded with Vitamin C. A medium red bell pepper provides a whopping 169% of your daily vitamin C! (Source) 
  *  **Red onion** : Red onion brings a delicious complimentary flavoring to the sauteed veggies. 
  * **Carrot:** Carrot brings color, a big dose of Vitamin A, and a sweet flavor. (Source)
  *  **Broccoli:** Broccoli adds a splash of green, fiber and protein. We prefer it in a saute over cauliflower since it cooks faster.

## The best pan for sauteed vegetables

You can make sauteed vegetables in any type of pan! You'll want a large
skillet for this recipe, large enough to hold all of the vegetables. In terms
of materials, each pan material cooks differently. Here's what to know:

  * **Aluminum or copper:** You'll get the best browning on the edges of the veggies when you use aluminum or copper. This type of skillet is fantastic for sauteing and also searing salmon or scallops.
  *  **Cast iron:** Sauteed vegetables also work great in cast iron! It heats well and provides a nice char on the edges. 
  * **Non stick:** You can also saute in non-stick pans! Just keep in mind that the veggies won't brown as much as what you'll see in the photos.

## More sauteed vegetable recipes

Not looking for mixed vegetables? You can make sauteed vegetables by cooking
just one type of vegetable at a time: and it's truly delicious. Try them all!

##  Sauteed Peppers and Onions

These sauteed peppers and onions are a rainbow of tender, caramelized flavor.

**Also try:** Sauteed Peppers

Get Recipe

##  Sauteed Asparagus

This sauteed asparagus is a simple way to get a side dish on the table…fast!

Get Recipe

##  Simple Sauteed Broccoli

Here's how to make sauteed broccoli it so it’s lightly browned but perfectly
crisp tender and flavorful.

Get Recipe

##  Sauteed Spinach (That Tastes Amazing)

Wow, is this fresh and vibrant sauteed spinach something to write home about!

Get Recipe

##  Perfect Sauteed Carrots

These are the most tender, buttery, savory, coins, with a hint of herbaceous
fresh thyme and chives.

Get Recipe

##  Sauteed Rainbow Chard

Make chard taste incredible by sauteing it! Amp the flavors by adding pine
nuts and Parmesan.

Get Recipe

##  Perfect Sauteed Cabbage

It takes just 10 minutes to make sauteed cabbage: a tender, buttery mess of
flavor.

Get Recipe

##  Perfect Sauteed Zucchini

Oregano and garlic make a pop of savory flavor, and grated Parmesan cheese
takes it over the top.

Get Recipe

##  Best Ever Sauteed Mushrooms

They’re tender, juicy, and meaty with a brightness at the finish. Take one
bite and you’ll exclaim “ _Wow!_ ”

**Also try:**Sauteed Mushrooms and Onions

Get Recipe

##  Best Ever Sauteed Kale

This sauteed kale is flavored with garlic and cooked until bright green and
tender. In a word: delicious!

Get Recipe

##  Sauteed Green Beans

These are the best sauteed green beans: an easy side dish bursting with
flavor!

Get Recipe

##  Simple Sauteed Onions

Tender and golden brown, sauteed onions make anything more rich and savory:
yet they only take 10 minutes to whip up!

Get Recipe

## Flavor variations: how to season sauteed vegetables

There are lots of ways to add a little flair to this recipe! Use one of our
homemade seasoning blends to liven up the flavors. Here's what we'd recommend:

  * **Fajita or taco seasoning.  **Add 1 tablespoon taco seasoning or fajita seasoning to the mix.
  *  **Cajun or blackened seasoning:**  Add Cajun flavor with Cajun seasoning to taste (spicy) or blackened seasoning (mild).
  *  **Italian or Greek seasoning.** These Mediterranean-style seasoning blends add an irresistible nuance. Try Italian seasoning or Greek seasoning (a family favorite). 
  * **Old Bay.** This American seafood seasoning is a favorite for vegetables too! Try it purchased or homemade.

## Ways to pair sauteed vegetables

This sauteed vegetables recipe is a highly versatile easy and healthy side
dish. It's flavored simply with olive oil and oregano, so it can go with many
different types of cuisines! Here are a few ways to serve these veggies:

  * **Pasta:** Here's how to infuse nutrients into pasta! Serve with Homemade Mac and Cheese, Baked Rigatoni Pasta, Perfect Zucchini Lasagna or Creamy White Sauce Pasta.
  *  **Salmon:** These are perfect alongside any fish, especially salmon! Try Cajun Salmon, Quick Broiled Salmon, Easy Pan Seared Salmon or Pesto Salmon.
  *  **Shrimp:** Add Pesto Shrimp for an easy meal. Or serve with Creamy Shrimp Pasta or Shrimp Pesto Pasta. 

## This sauteed vegetables recipe is…

Vegetarian, vegan, plant-based, dairy-free and gluten-free.

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Ultimate Sauteed Vegetables

* * *

★★★★★

5 from 1 reviews

  * Author: Sonja Overhiser
  * Prep Time: 7 minutes
  * Cook Time: 13 minutes
  * Total Time: 20 minutes
  * Yield: 4 1x

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

Here's how to make the best sauteed vegetables: colorful, flavor-packed and
crisp tender! Gone are the days of the soggy veggie saute.

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 2 multi-colored bell peppers (we used red and yellow)
  * 1 medium red onion
  * 1 large carrot
  * 1 head broccoli (8 ounces, stem on) 
  * 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
  * 1 teaspoon dried oregano
  * ½ teaspoon kosher salt
  * Fresh ground black pepper

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Thinly slice the peppers. Slice the onion. Cut the carrot into thin rounds, on the bias. Cut the broccoli into small florets.
  2. Toss the vegetables in a bowl with 1 tablespoon olive oil and the oregano, kosher salt and plenty of fresh ground black pepper.
  3. In large skillet, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium high heat. Cook for 10 to 12 minutes until tender and lightly charred, stirring occasionally. Taste and add a few pinches of additional salt to taste. Serve immediately. 

  * Category: Side Dish
  * Method: Stovetop
  * Cuisine: American
  * Diet: Vegan

Keywords: Sauteed vegetables, how to saute vegetables

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @acouplecooks on Instagram and hashtag it #acouplecooks

Published on September 6, 2020 / Last updated on April 7, 2022

### Categorized In:

  * Recipes
  * Side Dishes & Salad Recipes

### Tagged with:

  * Bell Peppers
  * Broccoli
  * Dairy-Free
  * Easy
  * Gluten-Free
  * Healthy
  * Peppers
  * Plant-Based
  * Red Onion
  * Saute
  * Sauteed
  * Side
  * Side Dish
  * Vegan
  * Vegetables
  * Vegetarian

## About the authors

## Sonja & Alex

Meet Sonja and Alex Overhiser: Husband and wife. Expert home cooks. Authors of
recipes you'll want to make again and again.

About Us

Cookbook

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Name

Email

Website (optional)

Comment

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Display a Gravatar image next to my comments.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

###  4 Comments

  1. **Anonymous** says:

January 7, 2021 at 9:17 pm

Thanks for posting this recipe!

Reply

  2. **Lori Chambers** says:

August 13, 2021 at 4:23 pm

Love the veggie recipe for zucchini.  
Trying tonight. Thank you…

Reply

  3. **Finally,,,a recipe without a long boring story attached that gets in the way of what is imp[ortant...namely the recipe. Thank you. Barbara Roche,,,san miguel de allende, Mexico** says:

September 21, 2021 at 10:17 pm

see above

Reply

  4. **Jeff** says:

January 2, 2022 at 1:36 am

One look at your vegetables and I could tell you all are pros. I do my veg the
same exact way all the time. I have been cooking for 40 years and get more
complements on this style of vegetable then any other thing. I have a customer
that just want sautéed carrots like in your picture with every order. You both
do very nice work.

★★★★★

Reply

## Sonja & Alex

Meet Sonja and Alex Overhiser: Husband and wife. Expert home cooks. Authors of
recipes you'll want to make again and again.

About Us

Cookbook

## Subscribe

Get recipes worth repeating and more from A Couple Cooks, straight to your
inbox.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GDPR Agreement *

  * Yes, send me the latest recipes by email. *

Subscribe

A Couple Cooks

Recipes worth repeating.

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle
  * —
    * Cookbook
    * About
    * Contact
    * Subscribe

Back to Top

(C) 2022 - A Couple Cooks® · Privacy Policy & Disclosure

