https://www.acouplecooks.com/sauteed-asparagus/


Skip to content

A Couple Cooks

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle

  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe

Search for

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle

  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe

Receive free weekly recipes & inspiration!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

Sign Up

Privacy Policy & Disclosure

  *   *   *   *   * 

Home ‹ Recipes ‹ Side Dishes & Salad Recipes

# Sauteed Asparagus

vegan vegetarian gluten freeJump to Recipe

by Sonja Overhiser

Buy Our Cookbook

**_Sauteed asparagus is the fastest way to turn this veggie into a healthy
side dish! Cook it simply with lemon, or customize with herbs or garlic._**

Here's a simple way to get a side dish on the table…fast: sauteed asparagus!
When you're trying to get dinner on the table, you don't want to get stuck on
a side dish. Trust us, Alex and I been there! We've held up dinnertime just to
try to finish that pesky side dish that seemed simple when we read the recipe.
So here's an easy side dish that requires little prep and almost no thought.
This healthy veggie perfect for adding bright green to the plate -- and
vitamins and fiber, too! Use the basic method, then pick from any of our
flavor adders below.

**A few other great ways to cook it?** Try Baked Asparagus, Roasted Asparagus
or Broiled Asparagus!

## How to make sauteed asparagus (the basic steps)

Here's a recipe for when you don't have time to preheat your oven for roasted
or baked asparagus! It's so quick and you only need 5 minutes for prep and 5
to 8 minutes for cooking. Here are the basic steps for how to make this bright
green veggie taste incredible (or go right to the recipe):

  * **Prep:  **Start with 1 pound of asparagus (1 large bunch). Chop off the end parts that are very thick. That part is tough and woody, and is hard to chew. Then chop the stalks into bite-sized pieces.
  *  **Saute:  **Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet. Add the asparagus with ½ teaspoon kosher salt and fresh ground pepper. Saute 5 to 8 minutes, until tender! The exact timing will depend on the size of the stalks and the maturity (fresher asparagus cooks faster). 
  * **Add lemon juice & zest:** Stir in lemon juice and zest until the flavor pops!

Another quick way to cook asparagus? Try Easy Steamed Asparagus.

## 7 ways to add flavor to sauteed asparagus!

There are lots of ways to turn this basic recipe into something people will be
talking about for years! Now, it's delicious as is. But here are our favorite
ways to amp the flavor in this sauteed asparagus so that it really shines:

  1. **Shredded Parmesan cheese:** Add at the end as as garnish!
  2.  **Feta crumbles:** Another garnish to add a salty pop!
  3.  **Garlic:** Add 1 clove minced garlic to the pan after 3 minutes
  4.  **Shallot:** Add 1 small minced shallot with the asparagus
  5.  **Butter:** Use 2 tablespoons butter instead of 1 tablespoon olive oil
  6.  **Herbs:** Add 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs at the end: chives, dill, parsley, etc
  7.  **Italian seasoning:** Add 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning with the asparagus

## Ideas for using sauteed asparagus

You're probably thinking about getting your meal on the table, and sauteed
asparagus is here to help! But once you have a little breathing room to
ponder, there are some other creative ways to serve this asparagus. Here are a
few ways you could use this recipe as a component of another:

  * Asparagus Salad Our favorite way to serve this sauteed asparagus is part of a salad! This one has greens, radishes, lemon, feta, and a tasty Dijon vinaigrette (add quinoa to make it a filling main dish salad).
  * Lemon Asparagus Pasta Throw it into pasta! Here it’s paired with Parmesan and lemon, made into a main dish. Combine this sauteed asparagus recipe with 1 pound pasta. 
  * Best Sauce for Asparagus Add a sauce! This sauce is a creamy Greek-yogurt based sauce with lemon and parsley. To take it over the top, add hard boiled eggs.

## When is asparagus in season?

Asparagus is a fresh and delicious spring vegetable! Here in the US, asparagus
is available year round in most grocery stores. But it’s tastiest in the
spring. April is prime asparagus month. Depending on where you’re located, it
can be available February through June. Try to find it at a local farmers
market if you can!

## This recipe is…

Vegetarian, vegan, plant-based, dairy-free, gluten-free.

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Sauteed Asparagus

* * *

  * Author: Sonja Overhiser
  * Prep Time: 5 minutes
  * Cook Time: 8 minutes
  * Total Time: 13 minutes
  * Yield: 4 1x

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

Sauteed asparagus is the fastest way to turn this veggie into a healthy side
dish! Cook it simply with lemon, or customize with herbs or garlic.

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 1 pound asparagus
  * 1 tablespoon olive oil
  * ½ teaspoon kosher salt
  * Fresh ground black pepper
  * 1 teaspoon lemon juice plus zest of ½ lemon
  * Optional: Feta cheese crumbles or shredded Parmesan cheese, for serving
  * *Other adders: add 1 clove minced garlic after 3 minutes, use 2 tablespoons butter in place of the olive oil, add 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs at the end (chives, dill or parsley are nice)

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Wash the asparagus and trim off the ends. Cut the stalks into bite-sized pieces.
  2. In large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium high heat. Add the asparagus, kosher salt, and fresh ground pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the largest pieces are tender, about 5 to 8 minutes. This depends on the thickness and maturity of the asparagus, so it's different every time! Taste and remove when it's just tender and still bright green, but not crunchy (cook a minute longer if you need to).
  3. Meanwhile, zest the lemon and juice it. When the asparagus is done, remove from heat and stir in lemon juice and lemon zest. (Optional: top with feta cheese crumbles or shredded Parmesan.)

  * Category: Side Dish
  * Method: Stovetop
  * Cuisine: Vegan

Keywords: Sauteed Asparagus

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @acouplecooks on Instagram and hashtag it #acouplecooks

Published on December 15, 2019 / Last updated on April 1, 2021

### Categorized In:

  * Recipes
  * Side Dishes & Salad Recipes

### Tagged with:

  * Asparagus
  * Dairy-Free
  * Gluten-Free
  * Healthy
  * Lemon
  * Olive Oil
  * Plant-Based
  * Sautee
  * Sauteed
  * Side
  * Spring
  * Vegan
  * Vegetarian

## About the authors

## Sonja & Alex

Meet Sonja and Alex Overhiser: Husband and wife. Expert home cooks. Authors of
recipes you'll want to make again and again.

About Us

Cookbook

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Name

Email

Website (optional)

Comment

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Display a Gravatar image next to my comments.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Sonja & Alex

Meet Sonja and Alex Overhiser: Husband and wife. Expert home cooks. Authors of
recipes you'll want to make again and again.

About Us

Cookbook

## Subscribe

Get recipes worth repeating and more from A Couple Cooks, straight to your
inbox.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GDPR Agreement *

  * Yes, send me the latest recipes by email. *

Subscribe

A Couple Cooks

Recipes worth repeating.

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle
  * —
    * Cookbook
    * About
    * Contact
    * Subscribe

Back to Top

(C) 2022 - A Couple Cooks® · Privacy Policy & Disclosure

