https://www.acouplecooks.com/sauteed-peppers-and-onions/


Skip to content

A Couple Cooks

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle

  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe

Search for

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle

  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe

Receive free weekly recipes & inspiration!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

Sign Up

Privacy Policy & Disclosure

  *   *   *   *   * 

Home ‹ Recipes ‹ Side Dishes & Salad Recipes

# Sauteed Peppers and Onions

vegan vegetarian gluten freeJump to Recipe

by Sonja Overhiser

Buy Our Cookbook

_**Sauteed peppers and onions are colorful and full of sweet caramelized
flavor! Eat as a healthy side dish or throw on sandwiches or tacos.**_

Looking for a healthy and easy side dish? These **sauteed peppers and onions**
are a rainbow of tender, caramelized flavor! Oddly enough, this revelation is
a new find over here. We've made the requisite fajita veggies, and thrown
those peppers and onions on the grill. But simply sauteeing them up in a pan
seemed too simple…until we tasted them. The sweet flavor and tender texture
are truly irresistible! Even better: they're full of nutrients and jam packed
with Vitamin C. Eat them as a side or throw them in sandwiches, on pizza, or
in tacos: you name it! Game changer.

## Ingredients for sauteed peppers and onions

This sauteed peppers and onions recipe is perfect for when you have lots of
bell peppers on hand. Ever bought a pack of those multi-colored peppers and
then forget about them in the fridge? Here's how to use them up. The
ingredients you'll need are:

  * **3 bell peppers:** we used red, yellow and green
  *  **1 white onion**
  *  **1 red onion**
  *  **Olive oil**
  *  **Salt**
  *  **Dried oregano**

Seasoning with just salt and oregano sounds overly simple, but it really
allows the caramelized flavor of the peppers and onions to shine.

**Also try:**Ultimate Sauteed Vegetables, which adds broccoli and carrots!

## How to sauté peppers and onions: some tips

Sautéing is one of the fastest methods to cook vegetables! This method for
cooking browns the outside of the food, helping complex flavors to develop
(called the Maillard reaction, if you want to get technical!). The word saute
means “jump” in French, meaning you need to keep the food moving by stirring
or flipping the pan. Here's what to know about how to saute peppers and
onions:

  * **Thinly slice the veggies.** The thinner the slices, the faster it will cook. 
  * **Add the fat.** You can use olive oil or butter for sautéing. Butter has a richer, more savory flavor. 
  * **Cook on medium high heat and stir occasionally.** Watch that the heat is not too high. 
  * **Cook until crisp tender, or very tender: you choose!** You'll need about 10 to 12 minutes for crisp tender, and about 15 for very tender. The texture depends on your personal preferences and how you plan to serve your peppers. 

**Want another variation?** Try these delicious Roasted Bell Peppers or
Roasted Peppers and Onions.

## Seasoning variations!

Want to change up the seasonings for these sauteed peppers and onions? There
are lots of other ideas for seasoning blends or spices to add. Here are some
ideas:

  * **Fajita or taco seasoning.** Planning to add them to a taco or fajitas? Add 1 tablespoon taco seasoning or fajita seasoning.
  *  **Cajun or blackened seasoning:** Peppers and onions are perfect with Cajun food. Add big flavor with Cajun seasoning to taste (spicy) or blackened seasoning (mild).
  *  **All purpose seasoning.** This all purpose seasoning says it's for fish, but we use it on just about anything. It would add great flavor here!

## Ways to serve sauteed peppers and onions

So, you've got the beautiful rainbow pan of sauteed peppers and onions! How to
use them to complete a healthy dinner? There's a myriad of ideas; here are
some of our favorites:

  * **With salmon or shrimp**. Try them with broiled salmon, blackened salmon, blackened shrimp, miso salmon, or garlic butter shrimp.
  *  **Sandwich filling.  **They add big flavor in a avocado grilled cheese or rainbow vegetable sandwich.
  *  **Breakfast scramble.  **Add them to a breakfast vegetable scramble.
  *  **Fajitas.**  Add black beans and tortillas, and you’ve got make-shift fajitas!
  *  **Quesadillas.**  Use them as a quesadilla filling.
  *  **Nachos.** Pile them on top of nachos for a tasty treat. 
  * **Tacos.  **They work in tacos too: try avocado tacos, egg tacos, or shrimp tacos.
  *  **Pizza topping.  **Throw them on a pizza, like this one.

## Bell pepper nutrition

One of the reasons Alex and I eat so many bell peppers: they're loaded with
nutrients and literally packed with Vitamin C. In fact, eating 1 serving of
this sauteed peppers and onions recipe provides **126% of daily Vitamin C** ,
since it uses 3 bell peppers. How's that for healthy side dish? Here are the
highlights of this super vegetable:

  * **Peppers are loaded with Vitamin C.**  A medium red bell pepper provides a whopping 169% of your daily vitamin C! (Source) 
  * **Peppers may improve eye health and prevent against anemia.  **Some studies indicate peppers could cut the risk of macular degeneration and low iron (Source).

## This sauteed pepper and onion recipe is…

Vegetarian, vegan, plant-based, dairy-free and gluten-free.

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Quick Sauteed Peppers and Onions

* * *

★★★★★

5 from 1 reviews

  * Author: Sonja Overhiser
  * Prep Time: 10 minutes
  * Cook Time: 15 minutes
  * Total Time: 25 minutes
  * Yield: 4 1x

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

Sauteed peppers and onions are colorful and full of sweet caramelized flavor!
Eat them as a healthy side dish or throw them on sandwiches or tacos.

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 3 multi-colored bell peppers
  * 1 medium yellow onion
  * 1 medium red onion
  * 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
  * 1 teaspoon dried oregano
  * ½ teaspoon kosher salt
  * Fresh ground pepper

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Thinly slice the peppers. Thinly slice the onions. Toss them in a bowl with 1 tablespoon olive oil, oregano, salt and pepper.
  2. In large skillet, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium high heat. Cook the peppers until tender and lightly charred, about 10 to 12 minutes for crisp tender or about 15 minutes for tender, stirring occasionally. Taste and add additional salt to taste. Serve immediately.

  * Category: Side Dish
  * Method: Sauteed
  * Cuisine: Vegetarian
  * Diet: Vegan

Keywords: Sauteed peppers and onions, sauteed peppers, sauteed bell peppers,
sauteed onions, how to saute peppers and onions, how to saute peppers

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @acouplecooks on Instagram and hashtag it #acouplecooks

Published on August 28, 2020 / Last updated on March 6, 2021

### Categorized In:

  * Recipes
  * Side Dishes & Salad Recipes

### Tagged with:

  * Bell Peppers
  * Dairy-Free
  * Easy
  * Gluten-Free
  * Healthy
  * Onions
  * Peppers
  * Plant-Based
  * Red Onion
  * Vegan
  * Vegetarian
  * white onion

## About the authors

## Sonja & Alex

Meet Sonja and Alex Overhiser: Husband and wife. Expert home cooks. Authors of
recipes you'll want to make again and again.

About Us

Cookbook

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Name

Email

Website (optional)

Comment

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Display a Gravatar image next to my comments.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

###  6 Comments

  1. **John Niles** says:

December 9, 2021 at 12:32 pm

I had a food trailer and used to sell sausage and pepper sandwiches. People
loved them. I used to saute peppers and onions in oil and place on sub rolls
with Italian  
sausage.

After a few hours the peppers and onion mix always became so bitter it was
disgusting. I have never been able to find anyone who could explain what
causes  
this. ANY IDEAS?

Reply

    1. **Alex Overhiser** says:

December 10, 2021 at 1:22 pm

I've never noticed this! Now I kind of want to try it and see what happens.

Reply

  2. **Carol Fucci** says:

January 8, 2022 at 11:36 am

You need to try sausage and peppers on an italian (semolina) hoagie roll. We
like spicy italian sausage but there is also a mild or sweet sausage.
Delicious!!

★★★★★

Reply

  3. **Ludy** says:

March 5, 2022 at 2:18 pm

Multicolored sautéed bell peppers was a success ! My husband and my son loved
it ! Thanks for that recipe

Reply

  4. **Mary** says:

June 28, 2022 at 3:08 pm

Can you saute Italian vegetables?

Reply

    1. **Alex Overhiser** says:

July 1, 2022 at 10:12 am

Yes

Reply

## Sonja & Alex

Meet Sonja and Alex Overhiser: Husband and wife. Expert home cooks. Authors of
recipes you'll want to make again and again.

About Us

Cookbook

## Subscribe

Get recipes worth repeating and more from A Couple Cooks, straight to your
inbox.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GDPR Agreement *

  * Yes, send me the latest recipes by email. *

Subscribe

A Couple Cooks

Recipes worth repeating.

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle
  * —
    * Cookbook
    * About
    * Contact
    * Subscribe

Back to Top

(C) 2022 - A Couple Cooks® · Privacy Policy & Disclosure

