https://www.acouplecooks.com/sauteed-zucchini/


Skip to content

A Couple Cooks

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle

  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe

Search for

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle

  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe

Receive free weekly recipes & inspiration!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

Sign Up

Privacy Policy & Disclosure

  *   *   *   *   * 

Home ‹ Recipes ‹ Side Dishes & Salad Recipes

# Perfect Sauteed Zucchini

vegan vegetarian gluten freeJump to Recipe

by Sonja Overhiser

Buy Our Cookbook

**_Here 's how to make the BEST sauteed zucchini that will have everyone
talking! Just 10 minutes in a hot pan makes this green vegetable truly
irresistible._**

If zucchini doesn't sound like a vegetable to sing praises about…you haven't
met _this_ zucchini recipe. Yes, this really is the **_perfect_ sauteed
zucchini**. Just 10 minutes in a hot pan and this vegetable goes from
tasteless to tender! Oregano and garlic make a pop of savory flavor, and
grated Parmesan cheese takes it over the top. It's beyond easy, and the _best_
zucchini side dish we've had. In all honesty, this vegetable is not my
favorite. But when we made this zucchini recipe, I could not stop sneaking
bites of the stuff. Here are all our secrets!

## Ingredients for sauteed zucchini…the _best_ seasonings

Growing up, my mom used to make a sauteed zucchini recipe that the entire
family loved. This recipe steals a bit of what I remember from that recipe,
pairing the green vegetable with Italian style seasonings. Here's what you
need for this recipe:

  * **Zucchini:** Use small to medium to get the best-looking rounds, but you can also use large if it's all you have. (If you have one of those massive summer zucchini, cut the slices into half circles.)
  *  **Olive oil or butter:** Make it vegan with oil, or use butter for intense savory flavor. 
  * **Garlic powder & onion powder: **Many sauteed zucchini recipes use onion, but who wants to spend time cutting and sauteing one? You'll get big flavor with onion powder here.
  *  **Oregano:** Oregano and zucchini are a match made in heaven. 
  * **Parmesan cheese:** It's optional, but it adds savory flavor. 

## How to saute zucchini: a few tips!

Making sauteed zucchini is easy, and takes only 10 minutes in a hot pan. With
zucchini you will have to babysit the pan for the entire time, because you'll
want to make sure the layers of rounds cook evenly. Here's what to know:

  * **Use your largest skillet.** Even in your largest skillet, the zucchini will have to be stacked in a few layers when cooking. 
  * **Continue to move zucchini to the bottom of the pan as you cook.** The zucchini at the bottom of the pan cooks the quickest and will brown quickly. Because there are layers of zucchini, continue to flip and move rounds to the bottom of pan so they can brown evenly. 
  * **Cover in the first 2 minutes.** Covering the pan helps to steam the entire pan and cook the zucchini on the top layer at the same time as the bottom layer. You'll just do this for a few minutes at first, then do a traditional saute for the remaining time. 

## Ways to serve sauteed zucchini

Once you've sauteed it up, add that Parmesan cheese and a little chopped basil
if you like. It makes a stunning side dish that goes with just about anything:
especially in the summer! Here are a few ideas:

  * **Salmon or fish:**  Try it with Lemon Dill Salmon, Grilled Salmon, Pesto Salmon, Grilled Tilapia, Baked Salmon, Grilled Tuna, Pan Fried Fish, Grilled Scallops, or Seared Scallops.
  *  **Shrimp:** Add alongside Grilled Shrimp Skewers, Blackened Shrimp or Easy Baked Shrimp.
  *  **Burgers:**  Try alongside this Best Veggie Burger or Portobello Burger.
  *  **With pasta.**  Serve as a side for Creamy Cavatappi or Vegan Fettuccine Alfredo.
  *  **IN pasta.  **Boil up a pound of pasta, add this zucchini, drizzle with olive oil and add goat cheese dollops or shredded Parmesan.
  *  **On a pizza.  **Make Cheese Pizza and throw zucchini on top! (You'll need about ¼ of the finished zucchini, if that. Use the rest as a side dish!)

## More with zucchini

Summer is all about lots of garden zucchini! If you've got too much of it,
we've got zucchini recipes. Here are some ideas for ways to use it up:

  * Squash and Zucchini Casserole A cozy summer side dish, it’s topped with crunchy breadcrumbs and Parmesan.
  * Baked Zucchini So easy to make, covered in a light coating of crunchy breadcrumbs and Parmesan!
  * Zucchini Lasagna Truly the best! Roasted zucchini noodles and three cheeses make just the right Italian flavor.
  * Roasted Zucchini and Squash or Grilled Zucchini and Squash Bake or grill them until tender with Italian herbs: perfection!
  * Grilled Zucchini An easy side dish for dinners on the grill, seasoned with basil and oregano.
  * Easy Zucchini Bread or Best Vegan Zucchini Bread Perfectly moist and easy to make, these quick breads are a great use!
  * Chocolate Zucchini Cake Moist, chocolaty, and you'll never taste the zucchini.
  * Zucchini Ribbon Salad Thin sliced zucchini,a tangy vinaigrette and Parmesan cheese.
  * Easy Zucchini Muffins Seriously good muffins starring this green veggie. 

## This sauteed zucchini recipe is…

Vegetarian and dairy-free. For vegan, plant-based, and dairy-free, omit the
Parmesan cheese.

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Perfect Sauteed Zucchini

* * *

★★★★★

5 from 1 reviews

  * Author: Sonja Overhiser
  * Prep Time: 5 minutes
  * Cook Time: 10 minutes
  * Total Time: 15 minutes
  * Yield: 4 1x

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

Here's how to make the BEST sauteed zucchini that will have everyone talking!
Just 10 minutes in a hot pan makes this green vegetable truly irresistible.

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 1 3/4 pounds zucchini (2 medium large or 3 to 4 small)
  * 2 tablespoons olive oil or butter
  * ½ teaspoon garlic powder
  * ½ teaspoon onion powder
  * 1 teaspoon oregano
  * ½ teaspoon kosher salt
  * 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese (optional)
  * Finely chopped fresh basil, if desired (optional)

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Slice the zucchini into 1/4-inch thick rounds.
  2. In your largest skillet, heat the olive oil or butter over medium high heat. Add the zucchini slices, then stir in the garlic powder, oregano, and salt, flipping and stirring to get all the slices covered.
  3. Cover the skillet and cook for 1 minute, then uncover and stir. Cover again for 1 minute and uncover and stir, moving slices to the bottom layer as necessary so that they can get browned.
  4. Keep the pan uncovered and cook about 6 to 8 more minutes until most of the zucchini are tender and browned, continuing to flip the zucchini and move them to the bottom layer so they cook evenly.
  5. Serve immediately, topped with Parmesan cheese and fresh basil if desired.

  * Category: Side Dish
  * Method: Sauteed
  * Cuisine: American
  * Diet: Vegetarian

Keywords: Sauteed Zucchini, Zucchini Recipe, Easy Zucchini Recipe

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @acouplecooks on Instagram and hashtag it #acouplecooks

## More sauteed vegetables

Turns out, sauteing vegetables is one of the quickest, tastiest ways to get
food on the table! Here are a few more of our favorite flavor-popping sauteed
vegetables:

  * Best Ever Sauteed Mushrooms Attention, mushroom lovers! The meaty flavor here is out of this world good.
  * Perfect Sauteed Carrots The best sauteed carrots you’ll ever have! Just 3 ingredients and done in 10 minutes.
  * Simple Sauteed Onions Get them browned and delicious in just 10 minutes! 
  * Sauteed Cabbage Tender and flavored with garlic and lemon, it’s the perfect easy side dish to accent any meal.
  * Sauteed Spinach, Best Sauteed Kale, or Sauteed Rainbow Chard Guaranteed to make eating your greens taste amazing! Quick and simple.
  * Simple Sauteed Broccoli or Pan Fried Broccoli Full of fresh flavor, it comes out perfectly crisp tender.

Published on June 1, 2020 / Last updated on January 16, 2021

### Categorized In:

  * Recipes
  * Side Dishes & Salad Recipes

### Tagged with:

  * Dairy-Free
  * Easy
  * Gluten-Free
  * Healthy
  * Plant-Based
  * Saute
  * Sauteed
  * Side Dish
  * Summer
  * Vegan
  * Vegetarian
  * Zucchini

## About the authors

## Sonja & Alex

Meet Sonja and Alex Overhiser: Husband and wife. Expert home cooks. Authors of
recipes you'll want to make again and again.

About Us

Cookbook

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Name

Email

Website (optional)

Comment

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Display a Gravatar image next to my comments.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

###  3 Comments

  1. **raymond scucci** says:

November 29, 2020 at 8:44 pm

I tried this recipe but didn't have the fresh basil on hand, so I used dry
basil. I also mixed both extra virgin olive oil and butter. It turned out
GREAT! I had it as a side dish, along with my baked Salmon with the oil,
lemon, fresh garlic, crushed and fresh Italian parsley, with just a touch of
kosher salt and black pepper.

Reply

    1. **Alex Overhiser** says:

November 30, 2020 at 12:26 pm

So glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

  2. **Viola Copsy** says:

May 7, 2022 at 11:04 am

Found zucchini in my vegetable bin. This was great with striped Bass!

★★★★★

Reply

## Sonja & Alex

Meet Sonja and Alex Overhiser: Husband and wife. Expert home cooks. Authors of
recipes you'll want to make again and again.

About Us

Cookbook

## Subscribe

Get recipes worth repeating and more from A Couple Cooks, straight to your
inbox.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GDPR Agreement *

  * Yes, send me the latest recipes by email. *

Subscribe

A Couple Cooks

Recipes worth repeating.

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle
  * —
    * Cookbook
    * About
    * Contact
    * Subscribe

Back to Top

(C) 2022 - A Couple Cooks® · Privacy Policy & Disclosure

