https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232941/garlic-vegetable-saute/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Side Dish
  4. Vegetables
  5. Squash
  6. Zucchini
  7. Garlic Vegetable Saute

# Garlic Vegetable Saute

Rating: 5 stars 4.7

60 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 47 
  * 4 star values: 11 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 60 Ratings 
  * 40 Reviews 
  * 13 Photos 

This is a delicious mix of fresh vegetables and spices lightly pan-fried with
butter and olive oil.

Recipe by anna32182

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Garlic Vegetable Saute Michelle Timmins Kane Roussey

Garlic Vegetable Saute Daniella Gomes

Garlic Vegetable Saute Ken Mayo

Garlic Vegetable Saute Sylvie Feghali Smith

\+ 9 9 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

30 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 tablespoon olive oil 
  * 1 tablespoon butter 
  * 3 cloves garlic, finely minced 
  * 1 jalapeno pepper, seeds and ribs removed, minced 
  * 2 zucchini, halved lengthwise and sliced 
  * 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into chunks 
  * 1 red bell pepper, cut into chunks 
  * 1 shallot, sliced 
  * ¼ teaspoon salt 
  * freshly ground black pepper to taste 
  * 1 pinch paprika 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat olive oil and butter in a large skillet; cook and stir garlic and
jalapeno in hot skillet until softened, about 5 minutes. Add zucchini, yellow
bell pepper, red bell pepper, and shallot; continue to cook and stir until
tender, about 5 minutes more. Season with salt, pepper, and paprika.

Advertisement

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

103 calories; protein 2.4g; carbohydrates 10.3g; fat 6.7g; cholesterol 7.6mg;
sodium 179.6mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (40)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

eileen

Rating: 5 stars

06/23/2013

Yum! A great vegetable side with a kick! My husband who isn't the veggie-lover
that I am raved, bc he adores anything spicy ;) My only change was omitting
the butter, to try and cut a bit of fat. The dish didn't suffer following this
omission, deelish!!! Thanks for sharing Anna

Read More

Helpful (21)

### Most helpful critical review

parodeis

Rating: 3 stars

04/27/2014

very green tasting. cook zucchini longer, or add something saucy.

Read More

Helpful (3)

60 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 47 
  * 4 star values: 11 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

eileen

Rating: 5 stars

06/23/2013

Yum! A great vegetable side with a kick! My husband who isn't the veggie-lover
that I am raved, bc he adores anything spicy ;) My only change was omitting
the butter, to try and cut a bit of fat. The dish didn't suffer following this
omission, deelish!!! Thanks for sharing Anna

naples34102

Rating: 5 stars

06/18/2014

On the surface this looks like nothing new or special. But try adding this bit
of jalapeno! It gave a ho-hum sautéed zucchini new life and zip. It, with the
addition of red and yellow peppers , really made this pop.

Saveur

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2014

Easy-peasy, fresh, flavorful side. Prepared as written, perfect as is with a
bit of sea salt to finish. Great summer side for just about any grilled meat.
Thanks for sharing your recipe, I'll use this often.

Snert3

Rating: 4 stars

10/16/2015

I substituted a smaller sweet onion (red torpedo) for the shallot and added
fresh basil, used all olive oil vs olive oil and butter. Very tasty, and
certainly easy, took me about 10 minutes to prep and 10 minutes to cook. I
quartered the zucchini so it would cook faster, and that was the right
adjustment; it cooked at the same rate as the peppers. Next time, I'd add
fresh Roma tomatoes if I had them on hand.

kitkat

Rating: 5 stars

12/28/2014

I didn't have the jalapeño so as a substitute I used a dash of ground cayenne
pepper. It was a big hit with the family. I will defiantly make this again.

Christina

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2014

Delicious! Instead of the shallot (I didn't have any), I used about 1/4 sweet
onion, chopped. I forgot the paprika and used seasoned salt instead of
regular. I was hesitant about the jalapeno, but it gave the veggies a nice
flavor. Will definitely make again!

BigShotsMom

Rating: 5 stars

06/21/2013

Delicious! My only change was not using yellow peppers as I had none. I love
the small kick from the jalapeño. So easy but tasty. Thanks, Anna!

blondgurl

Rating: 4 stars

09/10/2014

This recipe is very simple and delicious but I did change it from the
original. I did not put any peppers or onion but added mushrooms but it still
came out delicious.

parodeis

Rating: 3 stars

04/27/2014

very green tasting. cook zucchini longer, or add something saucy.

cheryl przychocki

Rating: 5 stars

11/03/2013

Delicious

lisa j

Rating: 4 stars

04/13/2014

This was good. However I would omit the yellow pepper. Too expensive here at
$3.50 each. And it adds no flavor. It brings color to the dish but I would use
green pepper. Better taste. The jalapeno and shallot is great added flavor.

Mary Jo

Rating: 5 stars

02/19/2019

We usually roast all of our vegetables to bring out their natural sweetness.
But I had some hook neck squash in the fridge to use up. And I always have
peppers & onions on hand. And lots of garlic. I did add some chopped tomatoes
at the very end for color and taste. This was a very good & quick side dish.

gm4343

Rating: 4 stars

09/12/2015

accidentally left out shallot and was still delicious

Sophie Foxman

Rating: 5 stars

09/28/2018

Try to make it with eggplants and tomatoes.

Angie

Rating: 5 stars

08/23/2019

Fast, easy, wholesome and Delius A bit of grated Parmesan Cheese sprinkled on
top is yummy too.

khank

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2015

Scrumpous way to eat veggies. I didn't use the jalapeño as didn't have it, but
was good without it. I did add a little water in pan after sauté and put lid
on pan to ensure veggies cooked thru to desired doneness.

Judge Roy Bean

Rating: 5 stars

05/13/2018

Used onions instead of the shallot. Topped it off with some parmesan cheese
after serving and it was delish!

FullSpectrum Survivalist

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2014

I tried this recipe slightly modified tonight, it was awesome. I ate it with a
piece of fried chicken. I halved the recipe omitting the yellow pepper, and
just used a medium sized green pepper and 3 yellow Snackum peppers from my
garden. I didn't use the jalapeno pepper because I didn't grow any this year,
instead I used a Big Green Serrano. Didn't use a shallet, substituted with a
sweet onion. Didn't have paprika so didn't use it either, but other than that
it was as above. I rate this dish about a 5 out of 5, it tasted awesome with a
piece of fried Chicken. This recipe would probably work great with one of
each, a zucchini and a squash of the 2 inch Dia size equally well, might try
it next time. I included a pic of my meal, it's the blue bowl with white
background. I also ignored the time to cook part, and just cooked it till I
thought it was done. I stirred it up a lot with a wooden spoon; as it cooked
on medium heat. I'm not sure why anna32182 didn't include what heat setting
she uses, but by reading the reviews, it would probably have helped her
rating, such as this review: "very green tasting. cook zucchini longer, or add
something saucy.—parodies" I only used Organic vegetables fresh picked from my
garden, I am sure it improved the taste.

Judy G

Rating: 5 stars

10/09/2017

I made it with one exception. I used yellow squash with the zucchini. Everyone
loved it. Will definitely make it again.

Klabo

Rating: 4 stars

01/04/2019

I thought it was very good. A quick ck and easy way to make a healthy side
dish.

Rose

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2018

My husband and I make this often as a complete meal and it is so easy to make!
We make the recipe as is with the addition of fresh mushrooms! We love it!

Marla

Rating: 5 stars

08/22/2020

Very delicious. I did half the recipe as it made more than what my son and
myself would eat, but it was very good. Definitely will be making it again!

Michelle Timmins Kane Roussey

Rating: 5 stars

11/19/2020

Delicious as is but for my non-hot friends I leave out the jalapeño and it’s
still delicious!

Melissa Van Hofwegen

Rating: 4 stars

04/28/2016

My hubby gave this a (3) and I give it a (4.5)... He doesn't like spicy, or
zucchini much, so my rating will carry more weight. I enjoyed this simple
recipe, but wasn't a huge fan of the amount of oil. If I made it again I would

Mark S.

Rating: 5 stars

11/05/2015

The only change I made was to cook it for ten minutes.

AGray Gray

Rating: 5 stars

02/12/2018

Good stuff. Cooked veggies covered for the most part and cooked them a longer
than 5 min.

FrackFamily5 CA—>CT

Rating: 4 stars

05/20/2018

This was yummy. We have a gas burner on our grill so for ease I placed all the
ingredients in the pan and put the squash on top. I only used olive oil but
bet the butter would be great. I did use the shallot and added 1/2 a white
onion. I like the flavor of the jalapeño. It wasn’t spicy. I used a generous
amount of salt, pepper and paprika. Added a lot more of the spices.

Sylvie Feghali Smith

Rating: 5 stars

03/31/2019

This dish is absolutely delicious and so pretty. Thank you for a wonderful
side dish recipe

SteveH

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2017

This is a great recipe. I made this tonight. I added 3 diced Campari tomatoes,
one stock sliced celery, a few sliced mushrooms and four sliced asparagus
spears. I also added teriyaki sauce during the simmer time. It was delicious!

Suis Singh

Rating: 5 stars

09/17/2017

I made this sans jalapeños, added an extra tbsp of olive oil and butter as
well as 2 packets of Goya salad & vegetable seasoning. Came out pretty well.
Could've used a little more salt.

Marie Kathryn Rodriguez

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2018

Tasty and healthy!

Jackie D

Rating: 5 stars

09/16/2015

This is an excellent recipe. Made it exactly as written and it was delicious.
I will definitely make it again.

Harry Martin

Rating: 5 stars

10/03/2019

Great taste. I agree with other reviews, and I would cut the oil and butter to
about half of what is called for. Flavor and appearance were fantastic! I used
small multicolor bell peppers and red pepper flakes for the jalapeno (didn't
have any). Beautiful side dish for a steak!

Suzanne Torres

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2020

Fabulous!! Delicious as is - everyone loved it and that never happens!

EMERALDCITYJEWEL

Rating: 4 stars

09/17/2020

Nice mix of vegetables and anyone not liking a strong onion flavor should
stick with using shallots. I didn't think it had enough garlic taste so would
probably add a few more cloves.

Annio

Rating: 5 stars

05/01/2016

Very good. We enjoyed it with grilled steaks. I went a lot heavier on all the
spices. Will make often

Monica Jones

Rating: 5 stars

08/16/2016

Delicious! Love the flavors. Good by itself or with grilled chicken.

Phyllis

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2016

Yummy an easy. I think it was a bit greasy - I think I'd use less oil

judys

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2015

I didn't have any hot peppers on hand, so I sprinkled a little bit of cayenne
as one reviewer suggested, and cooked it a little bit longer. It was a big hit
with my company!

Ms Jean

Rating: 5 stars

11/13/2020

Delicious! I was going to do a veggie saute using a small zucchini and
happened to come across this. I usually like spicy but skipped the jalapeno
and paprika and really enjoyed the veggie flavors (as a one-dish dinner).
Although I made a smaller amount, I still used two garlic cloves. Topped with
shaved parmagiano reggiano cheese. Add a glass of wine, and this was yummy,
light and healthy!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Garlic Vegetable Saute

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Garlic Vegetable Saute

##  All Reviews for Garlic Vegetable Saute

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Garlic Vegetable Saute

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 103  

% Daily Value *

protein:  2.4g  5 %

carbohydrates:  10.3g  3 %

dietary fiber:  2.3g  9 %

sugars:  4.2g

fat:  6.7g  10 %

saturated fat:  2.4g  12 %

cholesterol:  7.6mg  3 %

vitamin a iu:  1585.2IU  32 %

niacin equivalents:  1.5mg  12 %

vitamin b6:  0.4mg  28 %

vitamin c:  112.7mg  188 %

folate:  56.2mcg  14 %

calcium:  31.6mg  3 %

iron:  1mg  5 %

magnesium:  28.7mg  10 %

potassium:  450.8mg  13 %

sodium:  179.6mg  7 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  12 %

calories from fat:  60

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Garlic Vegetable Saute

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 40

Garlic Vegetable Saute

1 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

Michelle Timmins Kane Roussey

Garlic Vegetable Saute

2 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

Daniella Gomes

Garlic Vegetable Saute

3 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

Ken Mayo

Garlic Vegetable Saute

4 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

Sylvie Feghali Smith

Garlic Vegetable Saute

5 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

Phenixblu

Garlic Vegetable Saute

6 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

Norma Santiago

Garlic Vegetable Saute

7 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

Marcy

Garlic Vegetable Saute

8 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

Ashley M

Garlic Vegetable Saute

9 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

Benj Taylor

Garlic Vegetable Saute

10 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

Amanda_Fuller

Garlic Vegetable Saute

11 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

FullSpectrum Survivalist

Garlic Vegetable Saute

12 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

naples34102

Garlic Vegetable Saute

13 of 13 Garlic Vegetable Saute

BigShotsMom

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Garlic Vegetable Saute to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Garlic Vegetable Saute

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

