https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230818/pork-fried-rice/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Main Dishes
  4. Rice
  5. Fried Rice Recipes
  6. Pork Fried Rice

# Pork Fried Rice

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.5

303 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 191 
  * 4 star values: 86 
  * 3 star values: 21 
  * 2 star values: 4 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 303 Ratings 
  * 223 Reviews 
  * 86 Photos 

This pork fried rice recipe is my revised version of another recipe. I often
substitute chicken for pork, and it doesn't change anything. I have used both
basmati rice and long-grain rice which gives the dish only a slight flavor
difference. I have also added celery in the past with good outcomes.

Recipe by Olies

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Pork Fried Rice Cookie52

Pork Fried Rice Colette Kadrich

Pork Fried Rice Michael Skoluda

Pork Fried Rice Francisco Lankamp

\+ 82 82 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

15 mins

total:

30 mins

Servings:

2

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

2

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 2 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 tablespoon butter 
  * 1 (6 ounce) boneless pork loin chop, cut into small pieces 
  * 1 green onion, chopped 
  * ¼ cup chopped carrot 
  * ¼ cup chopped broccoli 
  * 1 egg, beaten 
  * 1 cup cold cooked rice 
  * ¼ cup frozen peas 
  * 1 ½ tablespoons soy sauce 
  * ⅛ teaspoon garlic powder 
  * ⅛ teaspoon ground ginger 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Melt butter in a large non-stick skillet over medium heat. Add pork, green
onion, carrot, and broccoli; cook and stir until pork is cooked through, 7 to
10 minutes. Transfer pork mixture to a bowl and return skillet to medium heat.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Stir egg into the skillet and scramble until completely set. Add pork mixture
back into the skillet; stir in rice, peas, soy sauce, garlic powder, and
ground ginger. Cook and stir until heated through, 7 to 10 minutes.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

557 calories; protein 26.1g; carbohydrates 80.7g; fat 13.3g; cholesterol
136.6mg; sodium 814.9mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (223)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Ryan Slocum

Rating: 4 stars

01/26/2016

If you find this bland use these tweaks. I've made this a number of times.
Beat eggs & add 1/8 tsp sesame oil. Scramble eggs in hot pan & set aside.
Saute onions, garlic, & ginger in a little oil & remove. Cook minute rice in
microwave & save yourself some time. Put pork, sesame oil, soy sauce, & hoison
sauce (tbs) in hot pan & saute till cooked. Add rice to pan with pork as well
as eggs & sauted veggies etc & mix well over heat. Now it's flavorful & tastes
much like take out.

Read More

Helpful (124)

### Most helpful critical review

Hank Arnold

Rating: 3 stars

02/17/2016

A little more work than required, ok start. Fried Rice is kind of like a Stew,
anything works, so don't hesitate to throw in Veggies from Corn to Green
Beans...Tofu works great, as does any other Meat from Steak to Chicken. A
little more work than required, and don't hesitate to use a Skillet if you
don't have a Wok. Don't bother to remove the Protein and Veggies after cooking
for a few minutes; create a circle/hole in the middle of the veggies and add
the Eggs. You shouldn't need to cook this much longer than a couple of minutes
after the Eggs are done, not 7-10 minutes.

Read More

Helpful (11)

303 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 191 
  * 4 star values: 86 
  * 3 star values: 21 
  * 2 star values: 4 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Ryan Slocum

Rating: 4 stars

01/26/2016

If you find this bland use these tweaks. I've made this a number of times.
Beat eggs & add 1/8 tsp sesame oil. Scramble eggs in hot pan & set aside.
Saute onions, garlic, & ginger in a little oil & remove. Cook minute rice in
microwave & save yourself some time. Put pork, sesame oil, soy sauce, & hoison
sauce (tbs) in hot pan & saute till cooked. Add rice to pan with pork as well
as eggs & sauted veggies etc & mix well over heat. Now it's flavorful & tastes
much like take out.

Baking Nana

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

02/23/2013

This is pretty good but needs a lot more rice - at least for us. I used fresh
garlic and fresh ginger which adds a lot to the nice fresh flavors.

Genelle

Rating: 5 stars

04/19/2013

Made this with leftover porkchops that I ground in the Cuisinart. I used
Bragg's instead of soy sauce to make it gluten-free. Doubled the recipe and it
turned out delicious!

stephannah

Rating: 5 stars

07/29/2013

It's true that what they serve as take out doesn't taste like real fried rice.
I'd never had it before let alone made it, and it was a winner! I upped the
butter, used a bag of frozen mixed veggies, half a Vidalia and the chicken
from one of the drumsticks I was making as the main course. For a little extra
chicken flavor I poured some broth over the veggies and let it cook off. I
also used more rice and increased the ingredients for the last step.

Froggy

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2013

This was very tasty but does need some changes in measurements for our taste.
I used 3 green onions, fresh garlic & ginger - lots more than 1/8 tsp & 2 cups
rice. I didn't use pork as I was just looking for a rice side dish. The
broccoli & carrots were really good in this dish. Using gluten free soy sauce
(Bragg) makes this a good GF choice.

Thisni Caza

Rating: 5 stars

02/23/2015

Made this to use leftover Grilled Turkey Tenderloin and leftover brown/wild
rice. Used, in this order. Two eggs, scrambled flat, removed from pan, then
sliced thin. Onions, carrots, mushrooms. Then broccoli, orange sweet pepper,
shredded cabbage. Soy sauce, turkey, rice, eggs. Yummy!

Meema of 8

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2013

GREAT dinner... rather than use the veggies in the recipe, I added added a 1
lb. bag of frozen "Stir Fry Sugar Pea Blend" after changing the serving size
to 8. It was a big hit with my grandchildren... they loved it :-). Wouldn't
hesitate to make this recipe again. Simple to make and most enjoyable!

amagicladi

Rating: 4 stars

09/08/2013

Very good fried rice! Very versatile recipe as well. I substituted a can of
cut baby corn for the broccoli, minced red onion for the green onion and
minced garlic instead of powder, because that's what I had on hand. I also
used sesame oil instead of butter. I habitually do not measure ingredients
precisely, but I probably doubled the soy sauce and ginger. Next time I make
it, which I surely will, I will use green onion and broccoli and maybe fresh
ginger. Thanks Olies for a good fried rice recipe that's easy, quick and
delicious.

Hank Arnold

Rating: 3 stars

02/17/2016

A little more work than required, ok start. Fried Rice is kind of like a Stew,
anything works, so don't hesitate to throw in Veggies from Corn to Green
Beans...Tofu works great, as does any other Meat from Steak to Chicken. A
little more work than required, and don't hesitate to use a Skillet if you
don't have a Wok. Don't bother to remove the Protein and Veggies after cooking
for a few minutes; create a circle/hole in the middle of the veggies and add
the Eggs. You shouldn't need to cook this much longer than a couple of minutes
after the Eggs are done, not 7-10 minutes.

cchef

Rating: 5 stars

09/15/2014

I couldn't believe how good this recipe is and how easy. I used left over
cooked pork loin roast, 1/2 c of the veggies, 2 green onions, 1.5 cup of brown
Thai cold cooked rice and a frozen ginger cube. Best fried rice I ever made!
All with left overs. Amazing.

Lacy

Rating: 2 stars

02/20/2014

I'll give it two instead of 1 because maybe I did something wrong. This was
terribly bland. I even added extra salt and white pepper and made some sweet
and sour sauce. There just was no flavor to it.

Tracy S

Rating: 5 stars

03/11/2015

It was awesome! I made double the recipe. My husband asked me why we don't
make it all the time.

Dawn

Rating: 4 stars

11/08/2014

This recipe is about as close as I have found to restaurant pork fried rice. I
doubled the rice, green onions, garlic and ginger as many reviews suggested.
Glad I did. I also tossed in an extra bit of soy sauce as I had more rice.
Very tasty. Thank you for sharing! Will be making it again and again. Great
recipe for left over pork that you are not sure how to recycle.

IFortuna

Rating: 3 stars

11/10/2017

Typically, Chinese fried rice is seasoned with toasted sesame oil. Sesame oil
is the flavor that gives the fried rice the umame flavor that is missing in
this rice. One might as well have just called this recipe American fried rice.
Also, typically, the pork that is best used is BBQ pork loin sliced very
thinly. There are specific recipes to achieve this kind of pork. Fried rice is
also typically bland because it is meant to accompany other dishes and is
especially good with Schezwan dishes which are often spicy. Many people who
make this a main dish meal often pile on the veggies as I would do also.
Broccoli is not used usually. This dish can be made with leftover rice or dry
roasted rice so that it comes out fluffy. Basmati or Jasmine rice are best. It
is apparently human nature to try and improve something that doesn't need it.
Ex is Chinese and husband for over 20 years, I've had a lot of Fried rice. :)

Traci Spencer

Rating: 5 stars

04/28/2014

I made this recipe to avoid using package mixes, I was very happy to taste
that this recipe is fantastic. Ready to try it using different meats or even a
"house" style. Also loved that the ingredients were recognizable and I could
shop at my local store.

MACHALTER

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2015

I didn't have onion on hand so used dry and added mushrooms and snow peas.
Doubled the rice and everything and it was tasty! Also used ginger paste.
Would do this again. Kids loved it.

Kristin

Rating: 4 stars

01/11/2015

This a great recipe to use as a basis. I could tell it would be bland so I
marinated the pork chunks in soy sauce for a few hours. I added the spices to
the pork and vegies and then again when I added the rice. I put soy sauce in
to my liking and tossed one last time in the wok before servings. Turned out
great. Four stars is because I did add more things.

Fred N. Nielson

Rating: 4 stars

03/18/2015

Actually, this was a great basic recipe that can be perverted to ones own
personal tastes quite easily. And if the author had not left out what the heck
I am supposed to do with these frozen peas, it might have given it 5 stars!

suzy-q

Rating: 5 stars

01/27/2014

Very good and a quick meal with leftover pork.

Heather Strong Moore

Rating: 4 stars

02/10/2016

A very nice base for fried rice, the proportions were good! I had never made
it before and it turned out very nicely. I added some sriarcha for a kick and
used a small amount of coconut oil in the pan. I like egg and would double it
next time.

becky908

Rating: 5 stars

06/04/2015

Delicious! I doubled the recipe all except for the pork (because I only had
one, fairly large, chop left) and I skipped the green onion and broccoli
because I didn't have any on hand. It made 2 servings as a main dish and 4
servings as a side dish. It was a huge hit and was absolutely the perfect
thing to use up the leftover pork chop and rice I had in the fridge. I will
definitely make this again!

Snb93

Rating: 5 stars

03/12/2017

I usually hate pork fried rice. I have always gone out of my way to avoid
ordering anything that comes with pork fried rice. When my family asked me to
make pork fried rice this month, I hesitantly agreed and then I planned an
entire meal around pork fried rice so that I wouldn't have to eat it. I made
chicken teriyaki with this as a side dish. So after reading the reviews, I
found that I needed to change up the recipe a bit. Not a problem, I'm good at
that. I went and bought all the food and the night before and while cutting up
the chicken to marinate, I decided to cut up two pork chops and marinate them
as well. I even threw in the cinnamon stick with the pork. This food tasted
AMAZING. I scarfed down that pork fried rice like nobody's business.

Leanna Brown Snyder

Rating: 5 stars

05/19/2013

AWESOME!! Thank you for a great recipe! I chilled my minute rice ahead of time
and added it last to stir in and heat through. It worked great and didn't end
up mushy. Delicious!!

Melissa Durben

Rating: 4 stars

01/08/2017

The only veggies I had on hand were carrot and onion, but it turned out great
anyway. I adjusted the serving size to five for my family and used about 2 and
1/2 cups rice. The key to getting enough flavor is adding more soy sauce.
Great way to use up leftover porkchops!

Crikkitt

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

05/13/2015

This was really tasty. I had some leftover pork chops that needed to be used
up and had made extra brown rice the night before. We did leave out the
broccoli because I didn't have any on hand. This was simple, easy, and quick
to throw together. We will definitely make this again.

just_jam

Rating: 4 stars

07/27/2014

this was tasty.. instead of rice i used grated cauliflower as well as low
sodium soy sauce.. i used 1/4 cup for 4 servings trying to compensate for it
being low sodium but it was on the salty side.. so 2 T would have probably
been enough.. only used one egg but followed everything else to a T.. served
this over ramen noodles for bf and added some sauteed mushrooms (i thought of
those after i had finished my bowl) and i had mine straight up.. he added some
sriracha and it was a good addition.. ty for the recipe

natashabby

Rating: 5 stars

04/21/2015

I'm going to give this recipe 5 stars even though mine was like a 3.5-4 only
because I used rice-a-roni instead of regular rice. I think this dish would
have been a 5 had I used normal rice. Excellent quick and easy! My picky
boyfriend even enjoyed it with the mistake :)

Deidre

Rating: 5 stars

03/23/2015

Just like at a restaurant!

Jessica

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2014

I followed recipe exactly the way it was written. My husband and brother-in-
law loved it!

ladyvonblack

Rating: 4 stars

10/14/2013

This looks good! I will be making this with quinoa instead of rice and
substitute the peas for edemame, and use gf soy sauce and use fresh garlic.

Sue Ferguson

Rating: 4 stars

08/29/2014

Great way to use up a bunch of leftovers into one dish. I used frozen peas &
carrots, everything else per the recipe. Very tasty.

Goober

Rating: 5 stars

04/17/2013

I am making this for the second time for dinner tonite. I too am using fresh
garlic but not ginger. We love this recipe...

Austin Taff

Rating: 5 stars

12/01/2015

Great recipe. Modified it using oriental vegetables, chicken or steak(steak
tastes better imo), and used a lot more rice and soy sauce. Would definitely
recommend to any college student, you can make a hefty amount of this stuff,
just add more rice, vegetables, and meat, and you are set for the week. I make
this on Sunday and it lasts until Wednesday.

lynn826

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2015

I used a can of mixed veggies and leftover pork. Delicious!

SWEETYBIRD09

Rating: 5 stars

04/13/2015

I added as many veggies as I could, and oh my it's good, a keeper for sure,
I've never made pork fried rice and it was easy, I had left over pork chops I
added and they were great!

Menwith Hill'er Back Home !!

Rating: 5 stars

04/26/2016

Made a few changes, based on what the other reviews said - I used 2 eggs and
used chopped red pepper and some chopped celery (added at very end) instead of
the broccoli. I also omitted the peas and added a touch of Chinese 5-spice. I
found that adding chopped/jarred garlic, instead of powdered was good. The one
thing to remember - no matter what your version is - is to use Jasmine rice -
that is the only way it will taste like the real takeout does! Great recipe -
Thanks!

Iloveit

Rating: 5 stars

01/15/2018

GOOD I added celery, mushrooms, and red pepper. Anything can be added. Having
left over pork makes it easy to make .

george melendez

Rating: 5 stars

05/01/2016

This is an easy & quick recipe. I also added some frozen Asian vegetables and
before anything else I stir fried some garlic & fresh ginger ( about 1
tablespoon of each) and then add the rest as called by the recipe and it all
came out "deliriously delicious". We where all delighted and all had second
servings so I will be using this recipe when ever we want some Chinese food at
the table.

Karin Bodine Ennis

Rating: 1 stars

07/14/2017

I couldn't find my favorite fried rice recipe so I thought I would try this
one. It was nothing like I expected. I'm so disappointed.

FinnurT

Rating: 5 stars

05/28/2014

Very good, although I switchee from ground ginger and garlic powder for fresh
finely chopped.

Joanna

Rating: 5 stars

09/29/2015

I used fresh garlic and added it in step 1.

Linda Stevens

Rating: 5 stars

09/01/2016

Made this with leftover pork loin chops. Instead of the veggies I used frozen
harvest hodgepodge vegetables from trader joes. I used their white basmati
rice too. I omitted the ground ginger and added sesame oil (1/2 tsp for
doubled recipe) and it was divine. Next time I'll try adding some toasted
sesame seeds.

Marlene Breeding

Rating: 5 stars

02/14/2018

Fast and simple delicious .

Tim Zizza

Rating: 3 stars

07/25/2015

I love Pork fried rice & i worked at the Beijing resteraunt years ago. this is
way too bland. I marinate the pork in white wine garlic & ah so sauce for 24
hours . I also put hoisen sauce in the rice after all the ingredients are in
the wok. I put 2 scrambled eggs cooked in too & a bunch of cooked peas too.
It's delicioso. You could also add 1/2 cup of stir fry sauce , i do. Happy
cooking. T.M.Z.

tippettsn

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2015

Huge hit with the family! It's a keeper!

Tracey

Rating: 5 stars

07/08/2013

YUM! I used leftover jasmine rice, frozen Birdseye carrot, water chestnut,
sugar snap peas, broccoli mix. Doubled everything because I had double rice.
Husband says - best rice ever!!

keltoid

Rating: 5 stars

03/25/2015

Great recipe. I made this and added mushrooms, onion, bean sprouts, garlic and
red and yellow peppers. Loaded up with the veggies! Stir fried, and heated up
leftover pork roast cubes - removed, then the egg in some oil, and re-added
veggie/port mix, 4-5 c. of cooked rice, the soy sauce, ginger and some salt
and pepper. Just tossed it all around and really - so fabulous! I would
definitely do this with leftover chicken, turkey or beef. You could also put
it in a baking pan and broil it for a few minutes for an easy paella. Thanks
for a great meal on a busy night!

Joyce Morones

Rating: 5 stars

10/03/2014

Made this tonight following exact recipe (doubled it) and used left over pork
chops. Oh, one exception, I did not have green onions, so used some onion
powder. It was very good. My husband who doesn't like to stray from the normal
rotation was impressed as well. It was nice because I had all of the
ingredients and it was pretty easy. I've made Pork Fried Rice in the very
distant past but this one seemed easier and tastier. Thanks. I'm happy to have
found another entry into the rotation.

Blueberry

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2014

This was very good! I used leftover pork chops from the night before. Made for
a quick, easy and yummy dinner.

Vegasaur

Rating: 5 stars

12/01/2015

I added way more rice, some string beans, an extra egg, a tablespoon of
chopped garlic, ... I wanted to add pineapple and some cashews.... Will do
next time! Thanks for the recipe.

KIMICOLE

Rating: 5 stars

10/07/2015

Doubled the rice and extra vegis. 3 T tamari sauce and 1 T fish sauce+1 SPICY
Serrano. Delicious. Next time I will try riced cauliflower!

suegibson1960

Rating: 5 stars

01/28/2018

I just made it and followed the directions exactly. However I didn’t have
ginger on hand so I used a Chinese Five Spice blend and it’s wonderful
anyway,. This was very easy and most of the ingredients I have on hand most
days. Thanks!

Lucille Naber

Rating: 5 stars

07/25/2014

Made this 2 nights ago. It was a big hit.

SKERICHERI

Rating: 5 stars

05/15/2015

This was a hit. Prepared converting the recipe to 4 servings. I upped the rice
a bit...and...added in some additional vegetables that were languishing in my
refrigerator. The fact that powdered ginger was used was a plus. Every time I
use fresh ginger it comes across too strong.

Kardoli

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2015

We added bean sprouts. Loved it!!!

bennett1127

Rating: 5 stars

02/09/2019

I make this all the time! It is a five star recipe exactly as is, but I will
share some things I do sometimes to change it up/make it easier. I always use
at least day old rice. I also always use frozen mixed veggies (corn, green
beans, carrots, peas). Soooo easy. I use whatever protein I have on hand
(chicken, pork, sausage, steak, sometimes just extra eggs). For the addition
of eggs, I make an omelette into which I grate fresh ginger (kept in the
freezer) and garlic. Like I said, I have made it many times just as stated and
it is superb. I thank this recipe for helping me to realize that I can
successfully make delicious fried rice at home!

Tpodoloff

Rating: 4 stars

04/04/2014

It was good I have made other recipes that did not have the flavor but I did
add more soy sauce...used low sodium and I used stir fry veges

Peggy

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2016

I just made this for dinner tonight, with a few substitutions to use what I
had (it's the coldest night of the season, and I wasn't going out for
anything!). I subbed frozen mixed vegetables and a mixture of arborio rice and
quinoa, and did not need the extra butter when I cooked the veg because of
their water content. I just wound up warming the veg and the pre-cooked pork
together, then spooned in the rice and seasonings, and I did cook the egg flat
in a small pan and cut it into strips before mixing it in as another reviewer
suggested. It was a very light and satisfying meal which I'll probably make
again this week cause I still have some more leftover pork loin and
rice/quinoa mix. I knew it would go over well when my husband was making yummy
noises (what are you cooking? It smells great!) before he even sat down. I've
never had "real" pork fried rice (I.e. At a restaurant), but we enjoyed this
very much. Thanks for sharing!

subtlewitch

Rating: 5 stars

08/04/2014

The whole family loved it! I will DEFINITELY make this again!

Joyce Purcell

Rating: 3 stars

06/22/2014

This recipe was fairly bland. We made significantly more than the recipe
called for, but even using the same proportions there was not enough flavor..
Perhaps fresh ginger would make a good addition. The recipe also calls for
peas and in the instructions says green onions. We added half a white onion to
the veggies while they cooked. There is definitely room for improvement.

bob

Rating: 2 stars

02/17/2016

I changed the ground ginger for minced fresh ginger and the powdered garlic
for minced fresh garlic.

linda

Rating: 4 stars

10/07/2015

Needs a bit extra garlic and hot sauce. Used braggs instead of soy too. But
easy and quick and great with my teenage boys

Brenda

Rating: 4 stars

07/21/2015

After I changed recipe to serving 8, this recipe made more sense to me. I like
to add 1/4 cup Oyster flavored sauce and 2-3 Tablespoons of sesame oil
depending on your taste.

teeny2

Rating: 4 stars

07/04/2014

Pretty good but too many ingredients... takes away the taste of pork. Made
slight changes afterward by chopping up a leftover pan fried, then oven baked
chop in the same cast iron shallow skillet with all of the residual tasty
bits, the added cold left over rice and a little soy sauce. 3 ingredients but
oh so good. yummy

Ginger K

Rating: 4 stars

12/05/2015

Totally changed it up, and it was great! I would have done 5 stars if the
instructions for the peas where there. I used chicken thighs, cabbage instead
of broccoli, added the green onions with the eggs to make them more firm and
used fresh garlic and grated ginger. I also used rice noodles. I doubled some
of the ingredients and quadrupled the meat. It was all eaten, not a drop left.

Debi R

Rating: 5 stars

11/11/2017

I make this 2-3 times a month, the only difference is I add 1/2 tsp. sesame
oil to soy sauce, delicious and healthy!

Alba

Rating: 5 stars

12/29/2018

Great one-dish meal! I added sliced celery, substituted edamame for the peas,
added 2 tsp. finely chopped fresh ginger to the vegetable-pork mixture while
they sauteed. (Omitted the ginger powder.) Next time I'll add sliced
shiitakes. Yum!

jillc

Rating: 3 stars

02/17/2016

This is easier. I grill a pork tenderloin with a marinade of soy sauce, sprigs
of fresh thyme, dry mustard, and melted butter. For the pork fried rice I just
cut up the left over tenderloin, add a package of Uncle Ben's long grain and
wild rice, a scrambled egg and frozen peas. Put in a frying pan, cover it and
leave until everything is warmed through. Easy way for two different pork
meals!

Thealda Fifi Bonner

Rating: 5 stars

03/14/2020

I used spicy shrimp instead of pork and it was delish...my family loved
it...everyone had seconds and finished the rest off for breakfast.

Shawn Marie

Rating: 5 stars

08/29/2019

Fantastic! Even better than take out, by far. I can adjust the ingredients I
like and customize to myself. Very quick and easy.

David

Rating: 4 stars

02/21/2016

Good base recipe. I gave only 4 stars because the video really sucked!!! I
will make this again. And who knows what ingredients I will use next time,
maybe some cauliflower??? Humm

Lorics

Rating: 5 stars

08/06/2015

Delicious! The only changes I made was, left out the broccoli added sesame oil
to the butter. I always add extra seasoning plus I used double the rice n 2
eggs. N it was perfect! The best part it was so easy n yummy.

Belinda Hetrick

Rating: 5 stars

10/20/2019

I marinaded the cut up pork in Golden Italian dressing over night and
substituted the peas with corn and it tastes great!

Linnea Walston

Rating: 5 stars

10/19/2019

This recipe was great! I increased veggies to 1/3 cup and added 1/3 cup of
diced summer squash. I also doubled the rice, added more soy and a heavy of
drizzle of olive oil at the end to increase moisture. Also I did all of this
in one pan after sautéing the vegetables I move them out of the center of the
pan and put in two whisked eggs (instead of one) then as it cooked mixed it
back in with the sautéed veggies from around the edge of the pan and then
added rice and remaining ingredients.

janetperez

Rating: 5 stars

05/01/2020

Excellent base fried rice recipe. It can be adapted in any number of ways and
is very flexible based on your own tastes. The only thing I would list as a
firm change is the use of butter. Nope! Smoke point is too low with butter and
it’s not the right flap or for this dish. Toasted sesame

Skiddoo

Rating: 5 stars

04/11/2020

Very tasty! Great way to transform leftovers into a quick meal.

Di Hennings

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2018

Made it like the recipe but used a combination of sesame oil and vegetable oil
in place of butter. Turned out great. Family loved it.

Tiffany Berry

Rating: 5 stars

02/21/2016

The only change I made was that I added shrimps And more soy sauce.This is a
very easy and tasty recipe and I will definitely make again for my Mother's
Birthday

Nancy Nordland

Rating: 5 stars

04/27/2020

Very versatile!. I used leftover pprk loin snd added sone chopped celery.
Easy. Quick and delicious!

peachypie

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2015

Yum!! Used leftover pork tenderloin from two nights before and it was
delicious! The pork was done in a maple mustard marinade and the sweetness
from that and saltiness of the soy sauce went really nicely together! 6 and 3
year olds also loved it!

Jill Whitted

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2018

I have made this several times, using shrimp, chicken, or meatless. I didn't
change anything and found it to be just right. Truly a family favorite now.

Redhead

Rating: 4 stars

03/25/2020

I added an egg, some sesame oil, and chili powder! Great dish!

stephen delaney

Rating: 2 stars

10/17/2019

As many others have said, this is a very bland recipe. It is meant for those
who have the very basic ingredients onhand. If you're going to make chinese
dishes, keep some oyster sauce and sesame oil in the pantry.

Jewel Sray

Rating: 5 stars

11/18/2017

I made the rice with chicken and it was quick, easy and delicious. Definitely
will made again with chicken for me and make it with pork for my husband.

Steve Hiatt

Rating: 4 stars

06/19/2018

I used this recipe as a foundation for shrimp fried rice. Fortunately we had
lots of veggies on hand so I threw in cauliflower and broccoli florets, and
some baby spinach as well. The other addition was a shot of oyster sauce which
gave a sweet background flavor to what could have been a bit of a bland
recipe. Oh, and frozen precooked shrimp topped off the meal. I fried them with
the veggies and my wife asked for seconds, the real indication of success.

Sharon Dyson-Demers

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2019

This was EXCELLENT. The only changes I made was I used up a Chinese marinated
pork chop instead of cooking the pork from scratch and added that and fresh
ginger and garlic to the cooked vegetables (instead of powder). My husband
LOVED it!!!

Yvonne Fair

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2020

This was very good. I used leftover pork chops and doubled the ingredients. I
also added some mushrooms and a tomato that needed to be used. Also fresh
garlic and ginger. Finally, I added about 1/4 tsp. of red pepper flakes.

sunshine101

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2017

Excellent easy recipe. I had quadrupled the recipe and it was a hit with the
family. Everyone enjoyed it and mentioned that it had the right amount of
flavor.

Rocky Saldivar

Rating: 5 stars

10/12/2019

I added corn, broccoli, bean sprouts, carrots, celery, and green onions.
Seasoned to taste. Delicious!

GUMBY

Rating: 5 stars

09/30/2020

Simply excellent as is!

Amy E. Johnson

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2021

Very good! I used leftover pork tenderloin and followed the recipe exactly.
Better than take out!

rickygordon119

Rating: 5 stars

12/16/2021

This was absolutely delicious! For anyone that may have found the dish a bit
bland, I highly recommend adding Thai Sweet Chile Sauce!

popeye304

Rating: 5 stars

11/12/2020

Quick and easy! I used leftover pork. Not bad at all!

pjmackay

Rating: 5 stars

01/03/2014

I used some left over ribs for this recipe, worked out just great - we loved
this recipe, it made enough for two and a little bit of leftovers. Definitely
be making it again!

Grace

Rating: 4 stars

08/01/2019

Followed recipe except for carrots since I didn't have any. Delicious and
easy.

SuzyQ

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2018

AWESOME WILL PASS IN ON TO MY FRIENDS AND I WIIL Make IT AGAIN

Bill Snyder

Rating: 4 stars

01/18/2019

Flawless recipe for those who like the original recipe, but I had to adjust it
for three leftover barbecue pork chops and nearly half a saucepan of leftover
rice. We had frozen peas and broccoli in the freezer. It needed much more than
the suggested garlic and ginger powder. I threw in nearly as much fish sauce,
and a tablespoon of szechuan peppercorn powder and, seriously, 4 tablespoons
of Chinese Hot Oil. It wasn't very spicy at all, but seriously umami. It was
so easy that I will continue to buy pork chops in bulk and, three days later,
make this. Next time I will toss in Hunan chilis.

army cook

Rating: 5 stars

11/18/2017

Used Asian stir fry mix instead of the recommended veggies and it was
fantastic. Served additional soy sauce on the side and glad I did. It would
have been a little bland with recipe amount.

SueC.

Rating: 5 stars

08/10/2015

I made this tonight with leftover pork loin and my husband said it was good.
He doesn't say that unless he means it. Used fresh garlic.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Pork Fried Rice

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Pork Fried Rice

##  All Reviews for Pork Fried Rice

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Pork Fried Rice

Servings Per Recipe: 2  
Calories: 556.6  

% Daily Value *

protein:  26.1g  52 %

carbohydrates:  80.7g  26 %

dietary fiber:  3.1g  12 %

sugars:  2.7g

fat:  13.3g  20 %

saturated fat:  6.2g  31 %

cholesterol:  136.6mg  46 %

vitamin a iu:  3493.3IU  70 %

niacin equivalents:  12.4mg  95 %

vitamin b6:  0.5mg  29 %

vitamin c:  15.9mg  27 %

folate:  252.7mcg  63 %

calcium:  70.8mg  7 %

iron:  5.7mg  32 %

magnesium:  51.8mg  19 %

potassium:  495.3mg  14 %

sodium:  814.9mg  33 %

thiamin:  1mg  96 %

calories from fat:  119.6

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Pork Fried Rice

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 223

Pork Fried Rice

1 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Cookie52

Pork Fried Rice

2 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Colette Kadrich

Pork Fried Rice

3 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Michael Skoluda

Pork Fried Rice

4 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Francisco Lankamp

Pork Fried Rice

5 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Andrea Barnes Clarke

Pork Fried Rice

6 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Christy Parton

Pork Fried Rice

7 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Kathyg

Pork Fried Rice

8 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

GUMBY

Pork Fried Rice

9 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Amanda Pedersen

Pork Fried Rice

10 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

rosiefasel

Pork Fried Rice

11 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Yvonne Fair

Pork Fried Rice

12 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Patti

Pork Fried Rice

13 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Bill Heleine

Pork Fried Rice

14 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Tam

Pork Fried Rice

15 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Anhmy Ha

Pork Fried Rice

16 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

krusti40

Pork Fried Rice

17 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Rocky Saldivar

Pork Fried Rice

18 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

micmcd

Pork Fried Rice

19 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Janet Yvonne Broughton Moore

Pork Fried Rice

20 of 86 Pork Fried Rice

Hunter Biang

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Pork Fried Rice to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Pork Fried Rice

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

