https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228917/quick-pork-fried-rice/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Main Dishes
  4. Rice
  5. Fried Rice Recipes
  6. Quick Pork Fried Rice

# Quick Pork Fried Rice

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.6

179 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 124 
  * 4 star values: 44 
  * 3 star values: 9 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 2 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 179 Ratings 
  * 137 Reviews 
  * 67 Photos 

A great recipe for leftover pork chops, roasts, and more. A few bits from the
fridge turn into a tasty dinner in less than 45 minutes. If I have a leftover
grilled pork or the tail of a roast, I'll freeze it until I have enough for
this dish. You can also use chicken or substitute some of the veggies for what
you have on hand when cleaning out the fridge. Serve with sweet Thai chili
sauce on the side.

Recipe by Carrie Elizabeth

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Quick Pork Fried Rice

Add Photo

Quick Pork Fried Rice Tara Bernardi

Quick Pork Fried Rice Jeanette Wiederhold

Quick Pork Fried Rice Tim Kruse

Quick Pork Fried Rice Frank Rivera

\+ 63 63 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

25 mins

cook:

20 mins

total:

45 mins

Servings:

6

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 teaspoons vegetable oil 
  * ½ cup finely chopped fresh mushrooms 
  * 6 cups cooled cooked rice 
  * ¼ cup vegetable oil, divided 
  * 1 ½ cups cubed cooked pork 
  * 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped 
  * 1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger, finely chopped 
  * 3 stalks celery, diced 
  * ½ small onion, diced 
  * 1 large carrot, diced 
  * ½ red bell pepper, diced 
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce 
  * 3 green onions, finely chopped 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat 2 teaspoons vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir
mushrooms until liquid has evaporated, and mushrooms are browned, about 15
minutes. Set mushrooms aside.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Fluff cooked rice with a fork and stir in 1 tablespoon vegetable oil to
separate the grains. Set aside.

  * Step 3

Heat remaining 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet or wok over
medium heat. Cook and stir pork, garlic, and ginger until fragrant, about 1
minute. Add celery, onion, and carrot. Cook and stir until vegetables begin to
soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in bell pepper and cooked mushrooms just until
combined.

  * Step 4

Add in cooked rice, lightly tossing until rice is heated through and
thoroughly combined with pork and vegetables. Stir in soy sauce, remove from
heat, and sprinkle green onions over the top.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

381 calories; protein 15.9g; carbohydrates 48.8g; fat 12.8g; cholesterol
30.1mg; sodium 202.1mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (137)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Carrie Elizabeth

Rating: 5 stars

09/12/2012

Fresh ginger is really the key to this dish so don't substitute if you can
possibly avoid it. You can buy a good size chunk of ginger, peel, dice and
freeze in a mini ice-cube tray. Then store in a ziplock bag for a recipe ready
kitchen! Note: For the oil, use what you feel you need to keep the stir-fry
moving. If you can do that on 2 tsps. total, great! I think the trick to using
less oil is to get your pan just the right temperature. If the heat is too low
the oil gets sucked up quickly. I never measure when I cook my tried and true
recipes so estimating the amount of oil was difficult, I admit. I have
switched to light olive oil in my kitchen for almost everything. Grapeseed oil
would be best for this as it is really light and can tolerate higher heats
without compromise. For those saying the recipe needs flavour - follow the
recipe!!! I know powdered ginger doesn't give the flavour, hence I advise
FRESH in the recipe and should be used to taste.

Read More

Helpful (76)

### Most helpful critical review

Tykera

Rating: 3 stars

03/24/2020

it doesn't really fit my taste for fried rice but it was ok

Read More

Helpful (0)

179 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 124 
  * 4 star values: 44 
  * 3 star values: 9 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 2 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Carrie Elizabeth

Rating: 5 stars

09/12/2012

Fresh ginger is really the key to this dish so don't substitute if you can
possibly avoid it. You can buy a good size chunk of ginger, peel, dice and
freeze in a mini ice-cube tray. Then store in a ziplock bag for a recipe ready
kitchen! Note: For the oil, use what you feel you need to keep the stir-fry
moving. If you can do that on 2 tsps. total, great! I think the trick to using
less oil is to get your pan just the right temperature. If the heat is too low
the oil gets sucked up quickly. I never measure when I cook my tried and true
recipes so estimating the amount of oil was difficult, I admit. I have
switched to light olive oil in my kitchen for almost everything. Grapeseed oil
would be best for this as it is really light and can tolerate higher heats
without compromise. For those saying the recipe needs flavour - follow the
recipe!!! I know powdered ginger doesn't give the flavour, hence I advise
FRESH in the recipe and should be used to taste.

Robograndma Davis

Rating: 5 stars

09/28/2012

Thank you Carrie for a quick tasty dinner. I cooked extra pork chops when I
made my pineapple pork dinner the night before and used them in this. I
cheated and used grated ginger in a tube I'm so lazy anymore same with the
garlic. Those were the only changes I made. I will make this again and again.
PS Daughter took my leftovers and ran.

Occasional Cooker

Rating: 5 stars

10/08/2012

Yum! This made a delicious, quick and easy lunch using some leftover pork
chops. I used the vegetables I had on hand, which included all the vegetables
in the recipe, except for the celery. In addition, I added some sweet peas and
a scrambled egg. Thanks sharing your delicious recipe, Carrie.

Paula

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

05/17/2013

What a wonderful recipe to make with left-over pork chops! My cooking method
may have been slightly different, and I added more pork, more light soy sauce,
green peas, and eggs. But that doesn't change the fact that this is a
wonderful recipe to suit your own family's taste.

Luvs2Cook!

Rating: 5 stars

09/21/2012

This is very good as written and is even great the next day....good luck
having some leftover to try!

irejne

Rating: 5 stars

04/17/2015

This is excellent as written. I never have any left over. I have tried several
fried rice recipes and to be honest----this is the BEST! I wish I could give
it 10 stars. I have made it with and without meat--it still is excellent! The
recipe is clear, concise and easy to follow. We never buy fried rice out
anymore.

Jennifer

Rating: 4 stars

01/11/2013

I just made this for dinner tonight and it was very good. I doubled the amount
of soy sauce. I also scrambled two eggs and mixed those in. I will definitely
make this again!

Jennifer Martin

Rating: 4 stars

03/04/2015

I used it as a base recipe - I left out the celery. Added some hoisin sauce
and a dash of fish sauce. Tasty!

CJ

Rating: 4 stars

11/20/2012

I made this dish and added a few extra ingredients. I added 2 scrambled eggs
at the end, 3 more Tablespoons of of Soy Sauce and some Vegetable Rice dry
seasoning and fresh ground pepper. I didn't have fresh ginger so I used the
dry powder version and more garlic to taste. It was yummy!!!

cabrera

Rating: 5 stars

12/11/2015

Yummy! This is the best pork fried rice I made, the only variation I made to
this yummy dish is I used Chinese Bbq pork instead of "pork" and it made it
taste more authentic. Thank you Carrie for this great and wonderful dish

Cindy Prosperini Kilwy

Rating: 5 stars

01/29/2013

See changes in notes

Rex Hutcheson

Rating: 5 stars

10/11/2013

This is excellent.

sbbrewerst

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2014

I love to use leftovers in "new" dishes!! lol. I used teriyaki sauce instead
of soy. I whole heaping tbsp of minced garlic (it's winter we need the immune
system boost), leftover corn, and onions. It was so yummy. Definitely a
keeper.

the4taals

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

02/15/2018

We enjoyed this fried rice. I halved the recipe and made the rice the day
before so it was cooled properly. I had made a babequed pork tenderloin for
wonton soup, I used the leftover meat for the rice. My family enjoyed, I added
some Sambal Oleck to make spicier, served with wonton soup and eggrolls.
#AllrecipesAllstarsCanada #LunarNewYear

Molly

Rating: 5 stars

02/22/2015

I had 2 cups cold rice left over and chicken rather than pork, and it was
perfect in this recipe. I only had an orange bell pepper, so the color was
lost with all the diced carrots, but the flavor was still there. We had a
Sweet and Spicy Thai Sauce that we used with it. Also, paired this with 'Jan's
Simple and Tasty Egg Rolls' from AR for a delightful meal. Thanks Carrie, for
sharing your recipe. It hit the spot tonight.

sarah3884

Rating: 4 stars

02/25/2015

Delicious and easy! I added some frozen peas, extra ginger, and maybe 2 tbs
butter. Also 2 scrambled eggs before adding the rice. This tastes like take
out! Also, if you're not worried about sodium, add extra soy sauce at the end
or heavily salt your rice when cooking.

ChristineM

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2013

Yummy! I used turkey breast - had some turkey breast cutlets in the freezer,
but wanted something different, so I chopped them up and stir-fried it
quickly. Used brown rice, reduced sodium soy sauce but then added a Szechuan
peppercorn/sea salt blend I had on hand, and drizzled with a teeny bit of
toasted sesame oil towards the end. I also probably went a bit heavy on the
veggies, but that's the beauty of a recipe like this - use what you have on
hand, and more or less to suit your taste. Great recipe!

Steve

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2015

Quick and tasty. This is a winner. I made a dinnerr for two using 2 cups rice
and two pork chops with bones removed and cut into ? inch cubes. Canned
mushrooms were used instead of fresh due to availability. Otherwise, I
followed the recipe and will do this again.

juliachildren

Rating: 5 stars

01/07/2020

I made this last night with my leftover pork roast. It was a big hit with my
family and I will make it again. Listening to other reviews I added 3 Tbls of
soy sauce, but I was worried that it might be too sharp or too salty so I
added a tsp of brown sugar to the soy sauce before adding it to the recipe . I
also added a tsp of sesame seed oil for flavor. The vegetables (especially the
celery) took longer than 3-4 minutes to soften, more like 15 minutes. Next
time I will take that into consideration in the timing of the meal.

Jesse Stephens

Rating: 5 stars

09/11/2017

Super easy and a great way to use leftover pork!

Jolene Marrone

Rating: 5 stars

07/21/2017

The fresh ginger really is the key ingredient. Sooooo good and easy to make.
If I had one criticism, it would be it needed eggs in it.

busymomof3

Rating: 5 stars

05/05/2013

I love this recipe! You can do anything with it - I use it all the time when I
need to use up the veggies or leftovers in my fridge!

denise

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2016

I added an egg, sauted my mushrooms with garlic powder first; put those aside,
then sauted onion, 4 scallions, chopped celery and carrots with ginger, 2tbs
of minced garlic and 2tbs of low sodium soy sauce for about 3 -4 minutes. I
then added the pork, rice (2cups), andmushrooms on low heat for 3 minutes.l

mollie1983

Rating: 4 stars

06/26/2013

I really like this recipe! I omitted some of the vegetables and added more soy
sauce. I don't think one tbsp is enough for all that rice. Thanks for the
recipe! It was a great guide for making my own variation.

Jen

Rating: 4 stars

03/03/2013

We enjoyed this! Also used 3 tablespoons of soy sauce instead of just one.
Added salt and pepper to taste. You really do need the ginger to make this
recipe! Next time we will add in an egg or two. Will definitely make again!

Janet Wilder Spear

Rating: 4 stars

10/24/2017

Actually this is the second time I’ve made this. the first time without the
mushrooms and this time with mushrooms But I don’t think the mushrooms
contributed much to the taste. Actually needs a little more soy sauce but I
left it to the individual person to add to the plate. I did not have fresh
ginger so I used powdered. We had a pork roast dinner last night then tonight
I cubed up 2 cups chopped of the leftovers Both my husband and I thought it
was an amazing meal

KSL

Rating: 4 stars

03/16/2014

This was very good and very easy. I followed recipe exactly, except cut oil by
about half. I kept the soy on the table in case anyone wanted to add more to
their own bowl. Thanks for the recipe.

Julie Anne Tumlin

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2014

This is the best pork fried rice I have ever made or eaten. I left the red
peppers out because no one in my family likes it. But, otherwise did not
change a thing.

GammyWampler

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2014

Loved this recipe, also had leftover chicken breast i thru in, some red bell
pepper and 1/2 cup chopped cabbage. I stir fried the rice with a bit of
Habamare seasoning as I didn't have any ginger. I added 3 TB Butter to fried
rice and fried to dry out a bit... Also added two scrambled Cooke egg... My
family ate it up!

dwight

Rating: 5 stars

04/23/2018

Just added a bit of hoisin and used a little more pork than called for. It was
excellent.

Rose

Rating: 5 stars

10/10/2018

Delicious! Followed recipe exactly.

speacialk210

Rating: 4 stars

10/12/2012

This is a very quickand easy dish that has a wonderful flavor.

linda2d

Rating: 4 stars

03/31/2015

I made this as written with the exception of leaving out the mushrooms and
using an orange bell instead of red (would have looked nicer with the red
one). I did not use all of the rice, maybe half the amount, since I was trying
to use leftovers and not end up with more leftovers. The ginger definitely
adds the main flavor but not in every bite. It's rather strong if you get a
bite of it but then barely noticeable if you don't. I minced it as finely as I
could so I'm not sure how to change that outcome. I added more soy sauce at
the table but others didn't so I wouldn't say that it needed more, just my
preference.

JCop1119

Rating: 5 stars

10/02/2015

I used chopped ginger in a jar and didn't have celery so I left that out. I
used brown rice instead and it was just as good as white rice but healthier! I
used leftover grilled pork chops and topped it with sliced almonds when it was
done for some crunch. I will definitely make this again.

Anita Allen-Wilson

Rating: 4 stars

02/24/2019

lots of veggies work. added 2 eggs scrambled

Lorraine

Rating: 5 stars

07/29/2019

This recipe worked out really well for my family. Easy to follow and flexible
to allow our use of what veggies we had on hand. Thanks!

Anne Cassens

Rating: 5 stars

01/28/2019

This is the best fried rice I’ve made. Next time I’ll add some scrambled egg
and bean sprouts, just because I thought it could use a bit more protein and I
love bean sprouts!

Melissa Mungarro

Rating: 4 stars

03/29/2019

Very good

ljfranc

Rating: 5 stars

03/20/2018

My family really like this recipe. So easy really. I used another reviewers
idea of adding a small amt of oil to the cooked, then cooled rice, It really
helped with fluffing up the rice.

Patty Keller Day

Rating: 4 stars

11/28/2018

Quite tasty and good use of leftovers. I added some fresh asparagus that I had
and needed to use.

Jajam

Rating: 4 stars

05/29/2013

I see this is a great base recipe, and I do like the veggie combo as listed.
What is special about this one is that it uses a good amount of fresh ginger
and garlic. The amount of oil is too heavy handed (thus minus a star) for me;
I prefer to use the 2 teaspoons for the meat/veggie stir fry, and just another
teaspoon or so in the pan for the rice without adding any to the bowl of rice.
A teaspoon of sesame oil is a nice flavor addition here. This was plenty in my
non-stick skillet. If you like your rice to glisten with oil, the total 1/4
cup will give that effect.

Michelle Dunn

Rating: 4 stars

02/18/2015

Easy mix!

FlyingTexan

Rating: 5 stars

06/24/2015

This was very good! I followed the recipe pretty much as written except for
messing up on the onions. I missed the "1/2 small onion" and just put in the
green onions - oops! I won't do that again. I do think 6 Cups of rice is too
much. I made 6 cups but probably put only 4 C in the recipe. Looking forward
to eating it for lunch tomorrow!

annabelle10

Rating: 4 stars

10/18/2013

good base recipe. I added more ginger (not fresh, didn't have any), more
garlic, and soy sauce. may try adding some sesame oil next time... was good,
just needs a bit more flavor and pep. might also add peas next time.

Pamela Morrison

Rating: 4 stars

05/11/2018

Turned out great! I made a few changes. I added peas, didn’t have any green
onions, and put a little dash of hoisin sauce when I added the soya sauce.
Husband gives it two thumbs up!

BXRLVR

Rating: 5 stars

02/10/2018

Turned out great! My whole family doesn’t eat mushrooms, only me, so I didn’t
add them. I also did not have any bell peppers. Even if I did, though, I
probably would not have added them as I’m not usually a fan of adding bell
peppers to my cooked dishes. Great meal, quick and simple. And yes, just as
another writer wrote, the fresh ginger makes ALL the difference. Happy
cooking!

Lela

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

05/18/2013

This was very tasty and easy to make. My family likes scrambled eggs in the
pork fried rice. I scrambled 3 eggs and added the eggs right before serving.
Easy and quick to prepare.

EyonB

Rating: 5 stars

04/15/2019

Excellent way to use up pork chops. Made a few changes. Used fresh mushrooms.
Added an egg. Also replaced the vegetable oil with sesame oil. Will make
again. I was surprised at how well it turned out (that’s not because of the
recipe but my cooking ability)

Cordell P

Rating: 5 stars

07/02/2017

Amazing recipe with the Sweet Chili Thai Sauce. Without it, pretty bland. Must
use the sauce! Family loved it, and so did I. :)

Marcia

Rating: 4 stars

11/29/2017

Good fried rice, but it was a bit bland until we added some extra soy sauce
and pepper to the servings on our plates. I also added a couple of eggs, which
I Cooked right in the pan along with everything else, as most fried rice we’ve
had at Chinese restaurants has eggs in it.

leapingtallbuildings

Rating: 5 stars

11/18/2018

This was a great way to use leftover pork roast. I used powdered Ginger
because that is what I had on hand. I am interested in rice bowls as a way to
prepare meals ahead to freeze for use on busy weeknights; I will definitely be
making this again for that purpose.

Jane Topps Peterson

Rating: 5 stars

08/02/2018

Very tasty & easy. Once the ingredients are prepped, it comes together
quickly. I tossed in about a cup of frozen peas along with the other veggies.
I'll definitely be making this again.

Mimom55

Rating: 5 stars

01/08/2019

I made this as directed. My only cheat was picking up precooked rice from our
local Asian shop and I found it was already oiled. I used 3 Tbsp soy sauce and
make sure you use FRESH ginger!! ( I always keep fresh ginger in my freezer)
Don’t overcook the veggies. Sprinkled it with a little black pepper. My
husband loved it! Definitely would make again!

Mrs A

Rating: 5 stars

09/11/2018

I made this rice and since we didn't have any pork, I used leftover rotisserie
chicken. I used Bragg "Liquid Aminos" instead of soy sauce as it is healthier
and tastes just like it. It turned out really, really good. My husband and I
loved it.

Shannon

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2014

Great recipe

Mindy Glass

Rating: 5 stars

04/25/2017

my husband says its a do over! I used 2 scrambled eggs and peas. no celery on
chives. all though that would be good too. I also used brown rice.

SANDERS70

Rating: 5 stars

02/14/2013

This is a great recipe! I didn't use the mushrooms, carrots or bell peppers,
as my daughter isn't a fan. I used leftover pork tenderloin. I also added
frozen peas toward the end, simmering til they are hot. The green onions over
the top are a must.

postie

Rating: 4 stars

06/25/2013

This recipe was quite good. I made half the recipe as I only had 3 cups of
leftover rice and 1/2 of a pork tenderloin. I did put in all the mushrooms
though and par-boiled my carrots and celery. Next time I think I will try
putting in some hot pepper flakes as it seemed to need a little more "bite".
The green onion was the crowning glory for this recipe. Over all we liked it
and will probably make it again when I have some leftover rice with either
pork or chicken. Postie

Sherillynn

Rating: 4 stars

06/01/2014

This was a great meal to use up leftover pork loin. I did add scrambled eggs
as someone suggested and also did some asparagus because it is in season and I
had some in my fridge. Will make this again.

Marilyn Jarmusch

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2016

So very easy! I added 1/2 c. of a sesame salad dressing and some Asian Spice.
Have never added oil to the rice, and can't believe what a difference it makes
in final dish. Family loved it. This will be my go to recipe now for fried
rice.

Corrina M

Rating: 5 stars

10/30/2019

Delicious recipe!!

Yvette Sleigh

Rating: 5 stars

03/04/2019

I added pork roast. Red and Green Peppers. No chilli sauce. I will certainly
make it again

Octavia Tennon

Rating: 4 stars

07/31/2019

I made this and it turned out great. It was a big hit with my family. The only
change I made was on the soy sauce. I added about an eighth cup of soy sauce.

Beata McKee

Rating: 5 stars

06/30/2017

Delicious! I use sesame oil for more flavor, and add sesame seeds at the end.
Such a quick and tasty meal.

Thomas Hans

Rating: 5 stars

05/03/2017

Yea, this is a excellent recipe and I will make it again but made some changes
to up the flavor, I used my home made Vodka-5 Spice about 2 tablespoons, 2
teaspoons Nuoc Mam (Fish Sauce) and the pork I had from a previous recipe in
the freezer was Char Siu and then sprinkled a little Red Pepper Flakes to
spice things up.

Wendy Kooi-Davidson

Rating: 5 stars

05/08/2018

Made as directed no changes..Was DELISH //Whole Family enjoyed.

Char

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2015

I loved it. Added scrambled eggs and more soy sauce, but otherwise stuck to
the recipe. Very colorful and pretty. Served it with Caesar salad. Wonderful!

Regi

Rating: 5 stars

07/05/2015

Really tasty dish. Made as described and will make again.

chicken George

Rating: 5 stars

04/28/2020

What a wonder recipe just like the restaurants

Sharon Phipps

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2016

I made this and had my mother -in-law over that night my husband and I loved
it!! My mother-in -law said she would come back any time for it !!!! The only
changes I made were I had to use ground ginger,I don't keep fresh on
hand,minced garlic from the store I keep a large jar on hand and I had some
fresh broccoli so I added that. Carrie thank you for sharing this tonight will
be my third time making it!!!! I just serve it with egg rolls and soy sauce on
the side.

neetsy

Rating: 4 stars

12/10/2014

This is a winner. Great way to use up leftover pork. Used only 4 cups of rice
and added more soy sauce.

Tykera

Rating: 3 stars

03/24/2020

it doesn't really fit my taste for fried rice but it was ok

melodie

Rating: 5 stars

04/10/2020

Excellent I definitely added more soy sauce which I know is bad but I think it
is because I am used to Chinese take-out which is usually heavy on the salt.
One other thing I did was cook the celery first and then onion because celery
takes the longest to cook. I don’t like it crunchy. Really tasty!

Dawn

Rating: 5 stars

09/07/2015

The whole family enjoyed and I will be making this again

osogood2

Rating: 5 stars

02/21/2020

Very good indeed! I added 1/4 cup chicken broth and then let simmer until most
of the liquid was gone. I didn’t have any carrots on hand so I used chopped
broccoli instead. Great way to use up left over pork meat. Will make again.

Bethany Broderick

Rating: 5 stars

04/13/2017

I had some leftover pork roast and made this dish. Goes together really
quickly and is very tasty. Leftovers are good too, although might need to
double recipe if you want enough leftovers to have a second goround for the
family. I had just enough the next day for a quick lunch for one person. I
added a scrambled egg for a little more volume. Good eating!!

Bill Simpson

Rating: 5 stars

02/06/2017

Excellent as prescribed!

Debra Lutz

Rating: 5 stars

06/18/2016

So many options for the veggies you can use makes this recipe awesome ! I did
not use mushrooms, but did use edamame. And I added a scrambled egg. Love this
Pork Fried Rice !

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

01/03/2017

Upped soy sauce to 4 T. Added a cup of peas, three scrambled eggs, sliced
jalapenos, peanuts, scallions, cilantro.

Sal-ster

Rating: 5 stars

04/03/2020

Great recipe! I added more soy sauce, about 1/4 c. The ginger made it pop. I
didn’t have green onion, I used a yellow onion chopped and threw in frozen
peas

robin mccoy

Rating: 5 stars

06/25/2020

The chops were tender and the fried rice was delicious!

Debra hall

Rating: 5 stars

05/19/2021

Fast and delicious! The only thing I lacked was the mushrooms. Since I often
cook pork lion roast, this recipe works perfectly for leftovers.

Glynch@nc.rr.com

Rating: 4 stars

06/27/2022

Not bad. I added a little 5-spice powder.

AKnight

Rating: 4 stars

08/16/2020

I liked it with a couple of subs/tweaks: three eggs scrambled and added,
powdered ginger instead, Mexican green onions instead: whites cooked in,
greens garnished. Whole red bell pepper. Less mushroom.

Carolyn

Rating: 4 stars

06/13/2016

All the preparation can be done ahead to create a healthy quick meal. Method
is easy and prevents the rice from sticking to the pan.

dnddelp

Rating: 5 stars

12/12/2019

Very good. I'm not a fan of ginger so omitted this ingredient. Will prepare
this dish again for sure.

Dennis Young

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2020

Great recipe! Turned out great. One thing we did differently is adding a
couple scrambled eggs once we stirred in the rice. Also added about 1/4 tsp of
sesame oil and an extra tsp of soy sauce. I feel this is a great dish that is
hard to mess up. This was my first attempt at any sort of fried rice and my
family was quite pleased with the results.

ginny

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2017

Loved it Will definitely make again Hubby also loved this recipe Had ginger
flavored soy sauce so I used 1 Tbls of this and 2 Tbls plain soy sauce What a
great way to use leftover pork tenderloin Thanks

Kerrie Murphy

Rating: 4 stars

10/17/2015

I added egg & turkey bacon to my dish and added the soy sauce to taste, but
other than that, the recipe was followed. It was very good. It will be made
again.

etcbeatty

Rating: 3 stars

07/23/2020

This is a very easy way to use up the odds and ends in your fridge. As
written, this was tasty but not what I was hoping for... as suggested, I added
a couple of eggs and ended up using four tablespoons of soy sauce based on
taste... maybe I shouldn't have used low sodium soy sauce. in any case, this
was an easy recipe and produced good results but did not approach what you
will find at a good chinese restaurant.

Kwalker

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2016

Excellent. Nice wit,h the added veggies. I think my guys ate it for breakfast.
There was nothing left

Maple Syrup

Rating: 4 stars

03/06/2017

great base to work from what you have kicking around that needs to get cooked
up. It needs pepper and any spices of choice, and egg if you got one,
otherwise a bit bland.

John Bills

Rating: 4 stars

11/09/2016

I make this fairly often. One crucial missing ingredient, in my view, is
several scrambled eggs. Make them slightly soft scrambled; the heat when you
add them to the hot rice will finish them up. And for added flavor: a little
butter in the oil, about 2 tsp sesame oil, and about 1-2 tsp MSG. Excellent!
And of course adding other bits of meat is always good: shrimp, diced ham,
chicken, etc.

Terez Sullins Pederson

Rating: 1 stars

02/24/2021

Very disappointed with recipe,Weird as exactly the recipe was written. When it
was done it was white rice with some coloring from the vegetables absolutely
no flavor had to add 3 tablespoons of extra soil sauce do you have any kind of
color and flavor will never make again.

Carolyn Allender

Rating: 5 stars

02/08/2021

I always wonder what to do with leftover meat. This was a great way to
repurpose the leftover pork chops. The fresh garlic was definitely key in this
recipe. I added some mandarin oranges on the side and had a great dinner.
Thank you!

BarbB

Rating: 5 stars

06/25/2021

Great recipe! Try using a little smoked sesame oil with your vegetable oil to
give more Asian taste.

Stacy Harrington

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2021

I’ve made this several times. I also add some sizzling siagon sauce when I add
the soy sauce. Adds a little spice. I do skip the mushrooms.

Patsi H

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2021

It taste really authentic. The only thing that I did not do was put pepper in
it. I put peas in it instead.

Toni

Rating: 5 stars

10/18/2020

Made this as a side to the beef and broccoli- super delicious- followed recipe
exact accept for taking away veggies I didn’t like- reheated good too

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Quick Pork Fried Rice

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Quick Pork Fried Rice

##  All Reviews for Quick Pork Fried Rice

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Quick Pork Fried Rice

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 380.5  

% Daily Value *

protein:  15.9g  32 %

carbohydrates:  48.8g  16 %

dietary fiber:  1.9g  7 %

sugars:  2g

fat:  12.8g  20 %

saturated fat:  2.4g  12 %

cholesterol:  30.1mg  10 %

vitamin a iu:  2480.4IU  50 %

niacin equivalents:  8.9mg  68 %

vitamin b6:  0.5mg  34 %

vitamin c:  16.3mg  27 %

folate:  113mcg  28 %

calcium:  40.3mg  4 %

iron:  2.7mg  15 %

magnesium:  40.1mg  14 %

potassium:  400.5mg  11 %

sodium:  202.1mg  8 %

thiamin:  0.7mg  70 %

calories from fat:  115.3

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Quick Pork Fried Rice

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 137

Quick Pork Fried Rice

1 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Tara Bernardi

Quick Pork Fried Rice

2 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Jeanette Wiederhold

Quick Pork Fried Rice

3 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Tim Kruse

Quick Pork Fried Rice

4 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Frank Rivera

Quick Pork Fried Rice

5 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Patsi H

Quick Pork Fried Rice

6 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Mike

Quick Pork Fried Rice

7 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Stacy Harrington

Quick Pork Fried Rice

8 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Linda

Quick Pork Fried Rice

9 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

phyllis m

Quick Pork Fried Rice

10 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

CA Stewart

Quick Pork Fried Rice

11 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

MamabearB

Quick Pork Fried Rice

12 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

SportzMom

Quick Pork Fried Rice

13 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Dianne Titizian

Quick Pork Fried Rice

14 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

robin mccoy

Quick Pork Fried Rice

15 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Bergmadl

Quick Pork Fried Rice

16 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Cassandra

Quick Pork Fried Rice

17 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Farzana Bhatti-Moose

Quick Pork Fried Rice

18 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

KikiV

Quick Pork Fried Rice

19 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Pam

Quick Pork Fried Rice

20 of 67 Quick Pork Fried Rice

Lisa S

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Quick Pork Fried Rice to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Quick Pork Fried Rice

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

