https://www.wellplated.com/pork-fried-rice/


Skip to content

Well Plated by Erin

  * All Recipes
    * By Course
      * Appetizers
      * Main Dishes
      * Side Dishes
      * Soups & Stews
      * Salads
      * Breakfast & Brunch
      * Snacks
      * Desserts
      * Drinks
    * By Method
      * Slow Cooker
      * Instant Pot
      * Air Fryer
      * Grilling
      * Baking
      * No Cook
    * By Protein
      * Chicken
      * Salmon
      * Shrimp
      * Turkey
      * Beef
      * Pork
      * Tofu
      * Meatless Mains
    * By Cuisine
      * American
      * Asian
      * Indian
      * Italian
      * Mediterranean
      * Mexican & Tex-Mex
    * By Diet
      * Vegetarian
      * Gluten Free
      * Dairy Free
      * Vegan
      * Whole30
    * By Holiday
      * Easter
      * 4th of July - Memorial Day - Labor Day
      * Thanksgiving
      * Christmas
      * Valentine's Day
      * St. Patrick's Day
      * Cinco de Mayo
      * Game Day
    * View All Recipes
    * Recipe Videos
  * Breakfast
  * Mains
    * One-Pan Meals
    * 30-Minute Meals
    * Casseroles
    * Soups & Stews
    * Salads
    * Pastas
    * Slow Cooker
    * Instant Pot
    * Air Fryer
    * Grilling
    * Sandwiches
    * Stir Fries
    * Freezer-Friendly
    * Kid-Friendly
    * Meatless Mains
  * Dessert
  * Cookbook
  * Search for

  * about
    * About
    * Subscribe
    * Contact
  * shop
    * Shop My Favorites
    * Kitchen Essentials
    * My Cookbook
  * Register
  * Login

Search for

**The Well Plated Cookbook** is now available!

Get your copy

Home / Recipes by Type / Stir Fries

# Pork Fried Rice

Erin Clarke

FacebookPinEmail

Leave a ReviewSave to FavoritesJump to Recipe

Homemade **Pork Fried Rice** is easy and worth it. Tender pieces of pork
tenderloin, rainbow vegetables, and crispy rice frolicking in a sticky, savory
sauce, this takeout classic is astonishingly simple to make and will reward
you for the (minimal) effort.

Pin this recipe on Pinterest to save for later

Pin It!

When you need a fast, healthy dinner that uses ingredients you have on hand
(who doesn’t?), fried rice is the granddaddy of them all.

  * **It delivers the essentials**. Whole grains, vegetables, and lean protein are present in every bite.
  *  **It’s flexible**. Those past-peak veggies in your crisper drawer? Use ‘em here!
  *  **It is FAST**. Be sure you prep all of your ingredients before you start cooking. This recipe moves.
  *  **It’s DELICIOUS**. Even those who might shy away from other Asian recipes cannot deny the appeal of a rice-based dish (particularly once you factor in that sweet, sticky sauce!).

I adore fried rice, but it’s a dish I’ve come to prefer making myself.

I use this go-to Homemade Fried Rice as my recipe base.

The fried rice on takeout menus never seems to have enough protein or
vegetables for my liking, especially since when I make fried rice, I want it
to be the main event.

Instead of defaulting to the usual Chicken Fried Rice or its cousin Quinoa
Fried Rice with Chicken and Vegetables, I decided to switch it up and try
making this pork fried rice using a lean pork tenderloin I discovered in our
freezer.

If you’ve never used pork in stir fry recipes before, you are in for a TREAT.

  * Pork is an exciting change of pace from the usual chicken; you’ll realize how much you appreciate the variety as soon as you take a bite.
  * Pork tenderloin, my preferred cut of pork for stir fries, is lean and healthy.
  * Pork is a good middle ground between those that prefer red meat (like Teriyaki Beef Stir Fry), and those tied to white mean (Teriyaki Chicken Stir Fry is for you).

## Tip!

For the best pork stir fry ever, be sure to check out the Kickin' Black Pepper
Pork Stir Fry in _The Well Plated Cookbook._

## How to Make Pork Fried Rice

Traditional Chinese pork fried rice is made of leftover rice, pork, scrambled
egg, green onions (or scallions), and seasonings such as soy sauce, oyster
sauce, and/or hoisin.

Fried rice is unhealthy when it’s made with processed grains, excess sugar and
oil, and skimps on the vegetables—this is how it's often found in takeout
restaurants.

**It doesn’t have to be that way!**

  * An authentic Chinese pork fried rice recipe (and authentic Chinese food in general), uses far less sugar than Americanized takeout versions.
  * For today’s version, I am making a healthy pork fried rice recipe that uses ingredients you can find at any grocery store. (Though if you are lucky enough to have a local Asian market near you, fried rice is an excellent excuse to check it out!)
  * It packs in the protein and vegetables, uses whole grains, and limits the sugar and oil, without sacrificing traditional flavor.

## Why is Pork Fried Rice Red?

When you order pork fried rice at a restaurant, you may have noticed its red
hue. This is because you're actually getting "char siu" pork, which is
barbecued in a sweet, red sauce.

* * *

### **The Ingredients**

  * **Pork**. A lean and scrumptious source of protein cut into small pieces. Pork pairs well with Asian flavors and helps make the rice more satisfying. 

## Substitution Tip

No pork on hand? No problem! Try another tasty protein.

  * **Chicken**. The go-to fried rice addition. 
  * **Tofu**. Check out my Crispy Tofu.
  *  **Roast Pork**. Use your leftover roast pork to make roast pork fried rice. 
  * **Salmon**. Try adding some leftover flaked Baked Salmon in Foil. 
  * **Shrimp**. Air Fryer Shrimp would be a yummy addition. 
  * **Ground Meat.** You could tried ground pork, beef, or chicken. But I refer larger pieces of meat for this one.
  *  **Steak**. Another leftover option could be using the steak from these Beef Fajitas to add great flavor.

  * **Rice**. Filling, delicious, and beloved by all. Rice soaks up all the delicious flavors in the sauce for a truly scrumptious final dish. 

## Tip!

For crispy pork fried rice that soundly beats take out in the texture
department (while I have other gripes about takeout fried rice, the texture is
quite spot-on), **use cold, leftover cooked rice**.

There’s a science with the rice starch once it’s cooled that enables it to
crisp without clumping together or becoming mushy.

  * **Oyster Sauce**. Delightfully sweet, sticky, and salty; this is an all-in-one flavor maker.
  *  **Soy Sauce**. Adds umami goodness and that can't-miss fried rice flavor. 
  * **Sesame Oil**. Transformative! A little goes a long way.
  *  **Bell Peppers**. Crisp, sweet, and delicious in fried rice. Plus, with oodles of vitamins, bell peppers are a healthy addition too. 
  * **Frozen Peas + Carrots**. To keep things easy, I toss in a bag of frozen peas and carrots. They're the perfect size, cook in a flash, and boost the overall nutrition. 
  * **Garlic + Ginger**. Important flavor builders in Asian-inspired recipes like this one. 
  * **Butter**. Don't skip it! A touch of butter takes fried rice to the next level. 
  * **Eggs**. For an extra punch of protein.

### The Directions

  1. Season the pork with salt and pepper. Stir the soy, oyster sauce, and sesame oil together. 

  2. Cook the pork in oil. Remove to a bowl. 

  3. Cook the vegetables. Transfer them to the bowl with the pork. 
  4. Sauté the garlic and ginger in oil. 

  5. Cook the butter, rice, and half of the green onions, stirring to break up clumps. 

  6. Cook the eggs in the center of the rice, then, using a wooden spoon, stir. 
  7. Stir in the green onions, vegetables, pork, and sauce. DIG IN!

## Storage Tips

  * **To Store**. Store fried rice in an airtight storage container for up to 3 days in the fridge. 
  * **To Reheat**. Reheat leftovers in a large skillet or wok on the stovetop over medium-low heat or in the microwave. 
  * **To Freeze**. Freeze fried rice in an airtight, freezer-safe storage container for up to 3 months. Let thaw overnight in the refrigerator before reheating. 

## Leftover Ideas

Leftover pork fried rice is delicious on its own, but if your leftovers are
low on pork, you can bulk them up by adding some Air Fryer Tofu or Crispy
Asian Chicken Tenders.

## What to Serve with Pork Fried Rice

Salads

### Asian Cucumber Salad

15 mins

Air Fryer

### Air Fryer Broccoli

15 mins

Grilling

### Grilled Zucchini

15 mins

View All Sides

View all recipes

## Recommended Tools to Make this Recipe

  * **Wok**. Perfect for making pork fried rice. 
  * **Non-Slip Cutting Board**. Make sure your cutting board stays put while you chop with this non-slip version. 
  * **Spatula**. Great for fried rice and so many other recipes. 

## The Best Wok

If you enjoy making stir fries and other Asian-inspired recipes, a wok is a
wonderful investment. This one is nonstick and comes with a lid.

Get on AMazon

## Did you make this recipe?

Let me know what you thought!

Leave a rating below in the comments and let me know how you liked the recipe.

Leave a Rating

Fried rice is on our dinner greatest hits list, and the music is sweet.

I hope your family adores it, and that it provides recipe respite for you on a
busy night soon.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**Can I Turn This Into Spicy Pork Fried Rice?**

Yes, you can make this pork fried rice spicy by adding sriracha, red pepper
flakes, or chili garlic sauce.

**How Can I Prep Pork Fried Rice in Advance?**

It's easy to prep pork fried rice ahead of time. Up to 1 day in advance, cut
and trim the pork, cut the bell peppers, ginger, and garlic, and cook the
rice. Refrigerate each ingredient in a separate airtight storage container.

**What Vegetables Are Good in Fried Rice?**

For this recipe, I used fresh bell peppers and frozen peas and carrots. You
can use any vegetables you have on hand. A few of my favorite fresh veggies to
use are broccoli, mushrooms, onions, eggplant, bok choy, and cauliflower (and
sometimes I use cauliflower to make a healthy Cauliflower Fried Rice).

**Can You Use Long Grain White Rice?**

Sure you could. Either jasmine rice or basmati rice would work.

ReviewSave to FavoritesPrint

## Pork Fried Rice

5 from 3 votes

Easy pork fried rice made with pork tenderloin, rice, soy sauce, and any
veggies you like. Fast, healthy, and better than a restaurant!

* * *

Prep: 15 mins

Cook: 20 mins

Total: 35 mins

* * *

Servings: 6 servings

ReviewSave to FavoritesPrint

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 1 small pork tenderloin (about 1 pound) trimmed and cut into 3/4-inch cubes
  * 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus additional to taste
  * 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper plus additional to taste
  * 3 tablespoons oyster sauce
  * 3 tablespoons reduced sodium soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * 2 tablespoons canola oil or grapeseed or avocado oil divided
  * 2 red bell peppers diced (or 2 to 3 cups diced fresh vegetables of choice)
  * 1 (10- to 12-ounce) bag frozen peas and carrots thawed
  * 1 tablespoon minced garlic about 3 cloves garlic
  * 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
  * 1 tablespoon unsalted butter
  * 3 cups leftover COLD cooked brown rice
  * 1 bunch green onions thinly sliced, divided
  * 3 large eggs

* * *

### Instructions



  * Toss the pork cubes with the salt and pepper. In a small bowl, stir tougher the soy sauce, oyster sauce, and sesame oil.

  * Heat the oil in a large wok or large, sturdy skillet over high. When the oil is hot and begins to shimmer, add the pork. Cook until browned on all sides and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl.

  * Add 1/2 tablespoon oil to the wok. Add the bell pepper and frozen vegetables. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the pepper is softened and beginning to brown, about 5 to 10 minutes. With a slotted spoon, remove to the bowl with the pork.

  * Remove the pan from the heat. Add the remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil. Stir in the garlic and ginger and let cook just until fragrant, about 15 seconds.

  * Add the butter, rice, and half of the green onions, then return to medium-high heat. Stir, breaking up any clumps and coat with the butter and oil. 

  * Once the rice is coated, make a well in the center or move the rice to one side and break the eggs into the open space. With a fork, scramble, then let cook undisturbed. Once the eggs are nearly cooked through, stir into the rice, breaking them into pieces.

  * Add the remaining green onions, reserved vegetables, pork (along with any juices that have collected), and sauce to the skillet. Stir to combine and evenly coat everything with the sauce. Taste and adjust seasoning as desired. Enjoy hot.

### Notes

  * **TO STORE** : Refrigerate fried rice in an airtight storage container for up to 3 days.
  * **TO REHEAT** : Reheat leftovers in a large skillet or wok on the stovetop over medium-low heat or in the microwave.
  * **TO FREEZE** : Freeze fried rice in an airtight, freezer-safe storage container for up to 3 months. Let thaw overnight in the refrigerator before reheating.

### Nutrition

Serving: 1(of 6)Calories: 357kcalCarbohydrates: 34gProtein: 24gFat:
14gSaturated Fat: 3gPolyunsaturated Fat: 4gMonounsaturated Fat: 6gTrans Fat:
1gCholesterol: 136mgPotassium: 631mgFiber: 5gSugar: 2gVitamin A: 3839IUVitamin
C: 56mgCalcium: 50mgIron: 3mg

## Join today and start saving your favorite recipes

Create an account to easily save your favorite projects and tutorials.

Register

## More Takeout-Inspired Favorites

Main Dishes

### Healthy Orange Chicken

40 mins

Main Dishes

### Vegetable Lo Mein

30 mins

Instant Pot

### Instant Pot Beef and Broccoli

35 mins

View All Asian

View all recipes

## Did you try this recipe?

I want to see!

Follow @wellplated on Instagram, snap a photo, and tag it #wellplated. I love
to know what you are making!

## Share this Article

FacebookPinEmail

This post contains some affiliate links, which means that I make a small
commission off items you purchase at no additional cost to you.

## You May Also Like

Instant Pot

### Instant Pot Brown Rice

51 mins

Main Dishes

### Cauliflower Fried Rice

30 mins

Slow Cooker

### Crockpot Beef and Broccoli

2 hrs 15 mins

Free Email Series

5 Secrets for Cooking Tasty and Healthy

My secrets for making wholesome meals you'll WANT to eat.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

First Name *

Email Address *

Get the Secrets! →

#### Erin Clarke

Hi, I'm Erin Clarke, and I'm fearlessly dedicated to making healthy food
that's affordable, easy-to-make, and best of all DELISH. I'm the author and
recipe developer here at wellplated.com and of The Well Plated Cookbook. I
adore both sweets and veggies, and I am on a mission to save you time and
dishes. WELCOME!

Learn more about Erin

  *   *   *   *   * 

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Did you make this recipe?

Don't forget to leave a review!

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Notify me of replies to my comment via email.

Δ

### 6 Comments

Leave a comment

  1. **Lucinda Sorensen** says:

January 24, 2022 at 4:07 pm

So delicious.  
I added asparagus , mushrooms,and red cabbage to the recipe .

Reply

    1. **Erin Clarke** says:

January 25, 2022 at 2:56 pm

Hi Lucinda! So glad you enjoyed the recipe! Thank you for this kind review!

Reply

  2. **Traci Hutchinson** says:

January 25, 2022 at 8:14 pm

Best fried rice ever

Reply

    1. **Erin Clarke** says:

January 26, 2022 at 9:01 am

Hi Traci! So glad you enjoyed the fried rice! Thank you for this kind review!

Reply

  3. **Candace** says:

June 7, 2022 at 8:28 pm

Easy and fast meal. Just two of us, so lunch for a few days. Liked the brown
rice and lots of veggies. Will definitely make again.

Reply

    1. **Erin Clarke** says:

June 8, 2022 at 7:16 pm

I'm so happy that you enjoyed it, Candace! Thank you for sharing this kind
review!

Reply

Well Plated by Erin

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * About
    * About Erin
    * Cookbook
    * Contact
    * Subscribe
    * Cooking Tips & Tricks
    * Travel
    * Work With Me
  * Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Mains
    * Soups & Stews
    * Salads
    * Slow Cooker
    * Sides
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Desserts
    * View All Recipes

(C) 2010 - 2022 Well Plated by Erin. Disclosure & Privacy Policy

Back to Top

Yes, Get the Secrets »

Healthy Recipe SECRETS

Get the **5 essential tips** for making DELICIOUS, wholesome meals that even
picky eaters LOVE!

FREE EMAIL SERIES!

Share this ArticleLike this article? Email it to a friend!

Friend's Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address

Comments

Send Email

Email sent!

