https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/pork-fried-rice


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Pork Fried Rice

# Pork Fried Rice

Rating: 5 stars

565 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 565 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 565 Ratings 
  * 3 Reviews 

Chicago shoppers are in luck: Takashi Yagihashi (an F&W; Best New Chef 2000)
has a Japanese noodle shop in the Macy's on State Street. On his menu is this
Japanese-style pork fried rice, his favorite childhood after-school snack.
****

By Takashi Yagihashi

January 2007

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Pork Fried Rice

Credit: Jerrelle Guy

## Recipe Summary

active:

25 mins

total:

25 mins

Yield:

4

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 3 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 5 teaspoons rice vinegar 
  * 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil 
  * 1/4 teaspoon sugar 
  * 1/4 cup solid vegetable shortening 
  * 3/4 pound Chinese barbecued pork, half cut into 1/2-inch dice and half sliced 1/3 inch thick 
  * 1/2 cup frozen peas, thawed 
  * 2 large shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps thinly sliced 
  * 1 carrot, cut into 1/3-inch dice 
  * 1 head baby bok choy, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise 
  * 4 large eggs, lightly beaten 
  * 6 cups cold cooked Japanese short-grain rice 
  * 2 scallions, thinly sliced 
  * Pinch of freshly ground pepper 
  * Kosher salt 
  * 1/4 cup pickled ginger 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a small bowl, stir the soy sauce with the rice vinegar, sesame oil and
sugar.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat a very large skillet. Add the shortening and let melt. Add the diced pork
and stir-fry over high heat for 1 minute. Add the peas, shiitakes, carrot and
bok choy and stir-fry until tender. Add the eggs and scramble just until set.

  * Step 3

Stir in the cooked rice, scallions, soy sauce mixture and pepper and stir-fry
until the rice is hot. Remove from the heat and season with salt. Spoon the
fried rice into bowls, top with the sliced pork and pickled ginger and serve.

##  Suggested Pairing

A spicy-yet-smooth Aussie Shiraz.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (3)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2022

Great dish! I made a few adjustments. I fried my pork with a bit of Chinese 5
spice before adding diced white onion, carrot, bok choy, small pieces of
broccoli, peas, and egg. I also sprinkled the plated dish with roasted sesame
seeds just before eating. It was amazing, and everyone loved it.

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

10/30/2020

Thanks, This was absolutely Delicious.This will be my go to recipe for this
Pork fried rice dish.Glad I found you guys.

MarkStenseth

Rating: Unrated

05/18/2020

Better than I even imagined

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Pork Fried Rice

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Pork Fried Rice

##  All Reviews for Pork Fried Rice

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Pork Fried Rice

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

