https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/140570/steamed-fish-with-ginger/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Chinese
  6. Steamed Fish with Ginger

# Steamed Fish with Ginger

Rating: 5 stars 4.7

108 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 87 
  * 4 star values: 18 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 108 Ratings 
  * 76 Reviews 
  * 8 Photos 

If you like fish or even anything about Chinese food you'll love this recipe.

Recipe by lenochka

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Steamed Fish with Ginger

Add Photo

Steamed Fish with Ginger Kenny Barrow

Steamed Fish with Ginger Tee Time

Steamed Fish with Ginger SIMIBURTONS

Steamed Fish with Ginger David West

\+ 4 4 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

25 mins

Servings:

2

Yield:

2 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

2

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 2 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 pound halibut fillet 
  * 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt or kosher salt 
  * 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger 
  * 3 tablespoons thinly sliced green onion 
  * 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon light soy sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon peanut oil 
  * 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil 
  * ¼ cup lightly packed fresh cilantro sprigs 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Pat halibut dry with paper towels. Rub both sides of fillet with salt. Scatter
the ginger over the top of the fish and place onto a heatproof ceramic dish.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Place into a bamboo steamer set over several inches of gently boiling water,
and cover. Gently steam for 10 to 12 minutes.

  * Step 3

Pour accumulated water out of the dish and sprinkle the fillet with green
onion. Drizzle both soy sauces over the surface of the fish.

  * Step 4

Heat peanut and sesame oils in a small skillet over medium-high heat until
they begin to smoke. When the oil is hot, carefully pour on top of the halibut
fillet. The very hot oil will cause the green onions and water on top of the
fish to pop and spatter all over; be careful. Garnish with cilantro sprigs and
serve immediately.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

361 calories; protein 48.1g; carbohydrates 2g; fat 16.8g; cholesterol 72.6mg;
sodium 1908mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (76)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Anne C.

Rating: 5 stars

09/12/2009

This was great. Instead of pouring heated oil over the fish at the end, I
mixed it with the soy sauce warmed it (not to the point that it smoked) and
poured it on once the fish was cooked. I hate it when oil splatters and this
avoided that mess.

Read More

Helpful (53)

### Most helpful critical review

Chef Ka Lee

Rating: 1 stars

01/14/2011

Caution: First, steam fish, drain plate of water completely, then cut 2"
scallion lengthwise very thin, ginger likewise in 2" long thin matchstick size
and scatter over fish. Heat oil and pour over scallion, ginger, and fish. NOW
pour on soy sauce. Pouring 400+ degree oil into water-based liquid is a recipe
for disaster!

Read More

Helpful (31)

108 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 87 
  * 4 star values: 18 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Anne C.

Rating: 5 stars

09/12/2009

This was great. Instead of pouring heated oil over the fish at the end, I
mixed it with the soy sauce warmed it (not to the point that it smoked) and
poured it on once the fish was cooked. I hate it when oil splatters and this
avoided that mess.

SwimWaters

Rating: 5 stars

08/10/2008

This was my most successful fish dish ever. And I tried it for the first time
with company, who raved. I didn't have a steamer large enough to handle
servings for 6. So, I improvised with a large, deep frying pan with 3" water,
an ovenproof ramekin in the center to support a Pyrex dish containing the fish
and ginger above the water, and covering all with a lid. This worked pretty
well. Fish was very tasty and juicy.

dinner for breakfast

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2010

This definitely tasted authentic to me. Very easy to make, and nice flavours.
I don't have a bamboo steamer (or any other kind of steamer) so here is what I
did- I filled the bottom of a large pot with water, then put a bowl in the
water. Then I placed the plate with fish on it on the bowl (about 3cm above
the water level) and put the lid on the pot. There you have it, the easiest
home made steamer.

Chef Ka Lee

Rating: 1 stars

01/14/2011

Caution: First, steam fish, drain plate of water completely, then cut 2"
scallion lengthwise very thin, ginger likewise in 2" long thin matchstick size
and scatter over fish. Heat oil and pour over scallion, ginger, and fish. NOW
pour on soy sauce. Pouring 400+ degree oil into water-based liquid is a recipe
for disaster!

LosGatosMama

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2008

This is so easy to make and tastes delicious. I didn't use the peanut oil due
to food allergies - I just used more seasame oil. I wouldn't change a thing
with this recipe. What a healthy, simple, quick dish. Even my picky 5 yr old
devoured it and asked for 2nds. My 4 yr old who proclaimed he only will eat
salmon also couldn't get enough and said, "I guess I like halibut, too." For
busy moms who are looking for a fresh, healthy, quick meal - put this one in
your recipe box!

Crystal S

Rating: 5 stars

05/30/2015

As one who is very familiar with Chinese cooking, this is excellent and
definitely 5 star worthy. Sea bass, Halibut, Cod or any type of white fish 1"
thick minimally will work well with this recipe. How to determine if your fish
is cooked: Use a fork to poke the flesh of the fish to see if it separates
easily. It should be white and not translucent. When finished place the plate
in the kitchen sink. (Why? Because when you pour hot oil over the fish, it
will splatter all over). As an alternative for steaming, put fish on a plate
on top of 2 green whole green onions. This will prop the fish up so air flows
beneath it, put plastic wrap over the fish and then into the microwave oven.
Microwave on high for about 5-6 minutes; check for doneness as noted above.
Try serving with Stir Fried Snow Peas and Mushrooms from AR for a great low
calorie, low carb dinner. Family loves this one!

Mich

Rating: 5 stars

02/13/2009

YUM!!! We tried something new for the Chinese New Year and it's now a favorite
of ours. I left out the peanut oil because I didn't have it and it's still
great!

cbprseven

Rating: 5 stars

09/24/2009

My family loved this!! I followed another reviewers advice and put my ceramic
dish into a large covered skillet with water since I did not have a steamer. I
also used two different types of sesame oil since I did not have peanut oil on
hand. And I used regular onions in place of green onions. Even so, this dish
was awesome!! It was quick and easy. Next time I will try to have the right
things on hand to see if it tastes even better.

Dory M Rowe-Carlson

Rating: 5 stars

11/10/2008

My husband licked his plate clean...literally. Did not change a thing (except
how I steamed it without a steamer using various items found around the house.
Will definately make it again!

jonandchris

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2007

This is excellent. This recipe also works well with Chilean sea bass.

foxyloxy

Rating: 5 stars

02/14/2009

A surprise hit with my two finicky sons and husband. Very simple and easy to
do.

anitarl

Rating: 5 stars

08/21/2010

I realize that my review isn't necessary to encourage others to try this
recipe as the reviews so far are stellar. But, I need to say that my first
attempt was such a hit with my family. My 16 yr old son even raved. And I
wantto reiterate what several people have said, that this recipe is very
flexible. I used only what I had on hand: Costco's frozen steelhead trout
(thawed, of course,) sliced yellow onion, purslane instead of cilantro, and
instead of light soy sauce, I used pomegranate balsamic vinegar. Oh, and I
used a wok with a glass pyrex baking dish to steam it. I think using the
balsamic vinegar cut the saltiness that some reviewers mentioned. Whatever I
did worked brilliantly. I really think I could have served this dish in a four
star restaurant and no one would have been wiser.

Chef Adam

Rating: 5 stars

10/12/2009

Heyo!

Joanne Kao Shirley

Rating: 5 stars

04/16/2012

This really is a very authentic Asian style cooking of fish! Reminded me of my
mom cooking in the kitchen when in was growing up...and she's aboutmas
authentic as you get! Very tasty, my husband love, love , loved it! And it's a
very healthy dish too!

Alaskabetty

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2010

Really delicious- my husband called it "restaurant quality" which is amazing
considering my usual fish dishes are nothing special. I don't have a bamboo
steamer so I instead used the colander insert of a pasta stockpot. My 1.4 lbs.
of fish steamed perfectly in 14 minutes and maybe could have been pulled a
touch earlier. This will definitely be added to our regular line up of
recipes.

kellbell

Rating: 5 stars

09/25/2010

The best fish I've had in a long time!! My husband doesn't care for fish but
loved this!!

THINKDIFFERENT25

Rating: 5 stars

02/22/2010

Wow. This was good and super easy. YUM. Definitely a company dish. The
sizzling oil had a nice "WOW" effect.

Lisa A.

Rating: 5 stars

04/01/2012

This recipe was so delicious! I can't wait to make it again. I used only light
soy sauce since that was all I had and omitted the sea salt and the cilantro
and it was still amazing. I think I'll be steaming fish a lot more now since
this recipe.

MGonzalez

Rating: 5 stars

09/12/2011

A great recipe to have. I did this without the peanut oil (could not find!)
and just used regular soy sauce. My fish was dory. It came out quite nicely.
The cilantro makes it awesome.

Ardys

Rating: 5 stars

06/22/2011

Pretty fish. Very nice and easy, too. The drippings that are captured on the
plate under the fish are great to put on your rice at the table.

lshettle

Rating: 5 stars

11/27/2012

Didnt think I would be able to, but I did it! Thanks to the ppl who commented
before, I didnt have a steamer so I used their ideas, I was missing a couple
ingredients so I tweaked it a bit.. but it was great! I impressed myself and
now I want to try it for my friends. It was simple and easy and delish! So for
anybody who is interested I couldnt find peanut oil so I steamed the onion,
ginger, and cilantro all with the fish (used tilapia) that I seasoned with
black pepper and salt, after it was done, I warmed the sesame and soy and
poured it over the fish, Amazing and I ate with steamed broccoli and sweet
potatoes..Thanks again!

Shannalyn22

Rating: 5 stars

12/28/2010

Very simple and easy to make. Bought a bamboo steamer about 3 years ago and
glad to put it to use where the first time I used it the meal came out
amazing. I agree with the rest of the readers who said - No need for any
changes! I paired this with Jasmine Rice and at the bottom of the steamer
steamed, broccoli, asaparagus and red pepper (so there was sweet plus crunchy
texture).

Kerry...USA to NZ

Rating: 5 stars

08/07/2010

This was a gorgeous recipe and I have added it to our favorites!!! This would
be a great meal for entertaining. We served with asian coleslaw and cilantro
brown rice.

Nakkeya

Rating: 4 stars

05/23/2011

Tasty. The cooking process was a little overwhelming for me. i will just bake
it next time.

chellebelle!

Rating: 5 stars

05/20/2010

Outstanding! This was a nice diversion from the normal
lemon/salt/butter/pepper fish I normally make. The fresh ginger really makes
it special. I probably could have done with a little more sliced onions but
that's the only thing I would change. I broiled it since I didn't have a
bamboo basket. This was terrific with rice and carrots. Thanks!

rebecca

Rating: 5 stars

11/27/2012

so easy. insanely good. i made this with thick (2.5-3 inch) wild cod fillets,
which steamed for 12 minutes. (perhaps could have done them for 10, and let
them sit, as they continued to cook afterwards and got a bit firm). did not
have peanut oil, which was fine. also did 1 tb dark soy and 1 tb braggs amino
acids. amazing, thanks!

belle ogden

Rating: 4 stars

04/19/2010

This was delicious! Used swai instead of halibut (cheaper, and much tastier
IMO) Definitely a keeper, will be making this again!

VIVNIDHI

Rating: 3 stars

01/12/2013

Maybe the fish but it was halibut!

Lisa L

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2009

A very easy and delicious way to prepare almost any fish. I had never steamed
fish before and wow - it was very moist and so flavorful. For me, the peanut
oil seemed unnecessary so I used only the sesame oil and only regular (low
sodium) soy. This will become a staple for us! Thanks!

etali904

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2013

Quick and easy.

Bethany

Rating: 5 stars

06/20/2012

So glad I found this recipe -- my Chinese grandmother used to prepare fish
this way, and it was always one of my favorite dishes in her repertoire. I
took a page from her book and just microwaved the fish until it flaked nicely,
and it still tasted wonderful :-)

Jester3325

Rating: 5 stars

11/18/2011

This is a great quick meal. I used Cod, and omitted the salt (no need for it
with the soy sauce), used only dark soy sauce (mixed with a pinch of sugar to
tone down the saltiness), and used sunflower and flax seed oil as that is what
I had on hand. I also put the green onion on the fish in the steamer. Served
over brown rice with chopped cilantro and more chopped green onion...deee-
lish!

franny234

Rating: 5 stars

07/08/2014

I make this with swai, which is very cheap in the frozen section. I don't add
any salt, as the shoyu (soy sauce) has plenty. Serve with brussel sprouts and
brown rice to feel good about yourself and your day :) Always impressive for
something that takes very little time & effort!

Ashlou

Rating: 5 stars

02/21/2010

Great recipe--I used cod and it tasted wonderful!

Maria Urdinarrain

Rating: 5 stars

01/28/2009

This dish came out perfectly! I followed the recipe but used striped bass as I
like a lighter fish. This was a hit at our Chinese New Year party this year.
Will definitely do this again!

aerobigirl

Rating: 4 stars

06/02/2010

This had a really nice flavor. I read all of the reviews first and heated the
oil and soy together to avoid the splattering. The one drawback in my opinion
is that it was really salty. Rubbing both sides of the fish with kosher salt
and then pouring soy over the finished fish was a little excessive. Maybe next
time I'll salt only one side or verrrrrry lightly.

Paige

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2010

Outstanding - I had to improvise on the steaming option too but it turned out
great

Sandy Yabu

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2017

Super simple and really tasty! Will definitely make it again.

vaz007

Rating: 5 stars

10/04/2007

great recipe.I will be making this agian soon awesome flavor.

melody

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2015

This was super easy and delicious. I piled ginger on a filet of tilapia,
steamed in an electric steamer for 15 minutes (which was a bit too long) and
per the suggestion of another reviewer I combined the soy sauce and the oil
and then heated it before pouring over the fish. I did not have toasted sesame
oil so I just used regular. I served this with a side of cellophane noodles
stir fried with minced garlic, shredded carrots, scallions and mushrooms. This
recipe is a keeper.

DHANO923

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2014

This was great! I steamed the halibut in my bamboo steamer for about 12
minutes, then mixed the sauces and oils together and poured them over the
fish, instead of heating the oil separately. I covered it again and let it
steam for another 2 minutes. Served with rice and sauteed ong choy with
shiitake mushrooms. Everyone asked for seconds! Definitely making this again!

somegoodsomenot

Rating: 5 stars

06/30/2010

Great! I put the sesame oil on the fish and soy sauce in with the oil instead
of on the fish. next time, i'll put the green onions in the oil / soy sauce
mix too, since the green onions didn't pop. easy too!

Dustin1977

Rating: 5 stars

11/13/2012

Amazing dish and very quick. Asparagus is a great side.

Susan Emma

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2019

Incredible recipe, but so few reviews! It is fresh tasting, healthy, simple,
yet exotic! My 1.25 lb. halibut fillet steamed in about 11 minutes. As others
have noted, any firm fish would work well, as long as it is thick enough. Next
time, cod! You MUST try this wonderful fish recipe!

Pnina Loifer

Rating: 5 stars

07/04/2010

Wow, this is SUCH a tasty dish!!! I did almost exactly what the recipe said
except I only had dark soy sauce so I doubled it, and no peanut oil, so I
doubled the sesame oil. Also, I had no fresh cilantro on hand, so I used the
dried version. The taste is indescribable, this is definitely a must try!!!

Tamarwex

Rating: 5 stars

03/17/2010

This dish is easy and fabulous! My husband - who typically dislikes fish
enjoyed it. I only had dark soy and I followed the other cooks suggestion of
heating it with the oils. Definitely a keeper.

sugarnandspicecook

Rating: 5 stars

04/27/2016

Easy and delicious. I combined the soy sauces with double the sesame oil
(since I didnot have peanut oil) and heated it in microwave before pouring
over the steamed fish. It worked!

KENNY1299

Rating: 4 stars

05/10/2008

Quick, healthy, easy and tasty. Couldn't ask for more.

dubdub

Rating: 5 stars

01/05/2010

Clean, fresh and delightful. Will make this recipe again, and again, and
again. OK, this is an update 4 yrs after posting those first 2 sentences. I
can't even count how many times we have made this recipe, it is top-shelf. My
wife and I love fish, and do a fair amount of fishing. When we have fresh
Walleye we rarely can bring ourselves to cook it any other way. It is such a
refreshing way to eat quality fish like Walleye and Halibut. I always put the
ginger on the fish before steaming it, and don't fuss with 2 different soy
sauces, just use 2 tablespoons of my favorite. I usually pour the hot oil over
the fish and onions in the kitchen so as not to splatter on the table. And it
goes fabulous with jasmine or long grain white rice. Serving on warmed plates
is also beneficial.

David West

Rating: 5 stars

08/22/2015

Great recipe, I pretty much followed the recipe but topped it with sautéed
mung bean sprouts and garlic roasted asparagus.

Jana

Rating: 4 stars

01/08/2010

Good, but takes a bit of talent to make.

Jolene

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2010

Great recipe. I love to use swordfish instead of halibut.

yamsicle

Rating: 5 stars

06/19/2010

I am just learning to cook, and am always looking for restaurant quality
experiences at home. I don't like to eat anything unless it's very flavourful,
so no standard meat and potato meals for us! My husband and i found this to be
scrumptious. I didn't find it too salty, perhaps because I used reduced salt
soy sauce. I paired it with Spicy Bok Choy in Garlic Sauce, also from this
site. It was the perfect complement. Will make this again soon.

GuitarChef

Rating: 5 stars

04/09/2009

A very tasty, easy-to-prepare dish with a knockout presentation.I served this
on a bed of savoy cabbage and got raves.

xuan2

Rating: 5 stars

04/05/2010

I made this with Tilapia. My husband, who is not a fan of seafood (fish in
particular), ate it AND complimented it. It was SO easy and so tasty.

mylamybabies

Rating: 5 stars

11/08/2009

Excellent. So easy to make and so flavorful too. Everyone in my family ages 12
months to 33 yrs LOVED it. Will make again.

EyeLean

Rating: 4 stars

02/10/2010

Good!

am808

Rating: 5 stars

11/26/2017

Living in an area with many good Chinese restaurants I love to eat good
Chinese style steamed fish. Followed this recipe to the letter and it came out
as good as I've had. Most of the restaurants I go to use cod or sea bass or my
favorite mullet but I used what I had which was Tilapia and it tasted great. I
noticed a number of caveats from reviewers about the hot oil but my steamer
basket is quite deep so I had no problem with spatter.

erinmccartan

Rating: 4 stars

04/28/2010

I heated the oil until it was just barely starting to smoke, because I was
worried about setting off the fire alarm and waking my landlord (the alarm is
sensitive). Still very yummy, though maybe less crispy, gave it 4 stars
because I found it a tad salty.

Lori Leckie

Rating: 5 stars

04/19/2016

I make slight changes: tilapia, not halibut, only low sodium soy sauce, no
peanut oil, no cilantro and no green onion. Most of these changes are due to
what's in the kitchen at the time. I have made it exactly as the recipe
(except using tilapia) and it is delicious. If you have the slightest stomach
issues, this is a great recipe as it is very easy on your stomach and you will
want to lick the plate!

BEADPM

Rating: 5 stars

10/07/2009

Beautiful recipe with any fish!!!

bananasinorbit

Rating: 4 stars

08/18/2019

Cooked for less time than recipe called for and was a bit over cooked. Very
strong ginger taste. Overall tasty.

raeincerritos

Rating: 5 stars

04/11/2018

Absolutely love this recipe and will make it again....next week! The halibut
was so moist and tender. The only change I made was to mix the oils with the
soy sauce and green onions bring it to a boil, removed and spooned it over the
fish. I julienned the ginger as pictured and did not mince it as directed in
the recipe. I used a vegetable steamer to steam the fish.

Lisa Engel

Rating: 5 stars

09/18/2020

I did not have a ceramic dish so I used a liner in the bamboo steamer and that
worked just fine. Served it with coconut rice and bok choy sauteed with
ginger, garlic and soy sauce. Just an excellent meal.

KissMint

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2015

Simple and delicious. I didn't use sesame oil. Still need to get the timing
right, I like tender fish and not too cooked.

CARENEOC

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2017

Chinese New Year 2017. I needed to do a lot of the fish at the same time, so I
put the rack in my large turkey roaster, covered it with foil, poked holes in
the foil, and then put the fish (I used cod) on the foil. I sprinkled the fish
with salt, pepper, and chopped ginger. Poured a little water into the space
under the rack and covered the whole roaster with foil. Baked at 425 for about
20 minutes or a touch more - checked it at 15 minutes. Warmed the oils and soy
sauce together as another reviewer had suggested and poured that over the
cooked fish and scattered the sliced scallions and some toasted sesame seeds
over all of it. Fish was perfect; very good flavor.

kelly

Rating: 4 stars

01/31/2016

This was very tasty! I didn't have peanut oil, so instead I sprinkled some
crushed peanuts on the fish along with the ginger and it came out pretty well.
Next time I might try microwaving it rather than steaming.

Moramay Ramos

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2015

delicious!! my kid hates fish but he loved this one!

lynette_r

Rating: 4 stars

10/27/2016

This dish tasted great! I just didn't have enough space in my ceramic dish to
fish my fish. Next time I will put a little water in the bottom of a large
pan, cover it with a lid, and baking them in the oven. My whole family enjoyed
this dish.

Diane Florio

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2016

I steamed the halibut for 7 minutes. Used olive oil instead of peanut and
added some garlic. did't have cilantro but used parsley and it was wonderful.
It was fast easy and delicious

jenchenko

Rating: 5 stars

10/06/2017

Very yummy, healthy and easy! It nails all my requirements so it's a do-over
for me. My picky daughter loved it too. Only thing I would do differently is
not leave the fish sitting in the extra sauce for long as the fish soaked it
up and became too salty.

SIMIBURTONS

Rating: 5 stars

09/04/2015

Great recipe! I did alter a bit - cooked in a bamboo steam basket lined with
parchment paper (over the wok). Heated Grape seed oil and walnut oil and then
added in the soy sauces and about a tablespoon of ponzu. Mix thoroughly!
Poured directly over the fish. Garnished with green onion. So fantastic!

Bill R

Rating: 5 stars

04/04/2022

First time making steamed fish. Usually Chinese Restaraunt's make it.

Marsia Hill

Rating: 5 stars

05/16/2018

Very easy. Used the recommendations of others about the steamer

SWEETJAM

Rating: 3 stars

07/18/2009

Hmmm, I think I am the lone dissenter here, but I just thought this was ok. It
was way to light for my taste. Thanks for sharing I have been wanting to try
this for a long time. I think I will stick with my favorite halibut recipe
from this site.

Jenmar

Rating: 5 stars

05/26/2016

I served this at a family dinner and was quite pleased with the results. I
followed most of the recipe as is although I used haddock (halibut is just too
expensive) and I omitted the peanut oil. I also steamed from frozen using my
brand new InstantPot pressure cooker just to test the "steam from frozen"
function. Really happy with the results, very quick to prepare and easy. This
will be a regular for our family.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Steamed Fish with Ginger

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Steamed Fish with Ginger

##  All Reviews for Steamed Fish with Ginger

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Steamed Fish with Ginger

Servings Per Recipe: 2  
Calories: 360.6  

% Daily Value *

protein:  48.1g  96 %

carbohydrates:  2g  1 %

dietary fiber:  0.5g  2 %

sugars:  0.4g

fat:  16.8g  26 %

saturated fat:  2.6g  13 %

cholesterol:  72.6mg  24 %

vitamin a iu:  794.6IU  16 %

niacin equivalents:  21.9mg  168 %

vitamin b6:  0.7mg  46 %

vitamin c:  3.4mg  6 %

folate:  35.5mcg  9 %

calcium:  118.8mg  12 %

iron:  12.8mg  71 %

magnesium:  211.1mg  75 %

potassium:  1110.4mg  31 %

sodium:  1908mg  76 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  13 %

calories from fat:  151.4

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Steamed Fish with Ginger

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 76

Steamed Fish with Ginger

1 of 8 Steamed Fish with Ginger

Kenny Barrow

Steamed Fish with Ginger

2 of 8 Steamed Fish with Ginger

Tee Time

Steamed Fish with Ginger

3 of 8 Steamed Fish with Ginger

SIMIBURTONS

Steamed Fish with Ginger

4 of 8 Steamed Fish with Ginger

David West

Steamed Fish with Ginger

5 of 8 Steamed Fish with Ginger

KissMint

Steamed Fish with Ginger

6 of 8 Steamed Fish with Ginger

DHANO923

Steamed Fish with Ginger

7 of 8 Steamed Fish with Ginger

luv2cook

Steamed Fish with Ginger

8 of 8 Steamed Fish with Ginger

babychutney

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Steamed Fish with Ginger to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Steamed Fish with Ginger

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

