https://thegastronomicbong.com/burnt-ginger-soy-fish/


__

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Vegetarian
    * Meat and Poultry
    * Fish and Seafood
    * Egg
    * Rice Dishes
    * Sweet and Savoury
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Bakes
      * Cakes and Cupcakes
      * Cookies
      * Breads and Buns
  * Mentions
  * About Me
  * Contact

Sign up with your email address to be the first to know about new recipes

Leave this field empty if you're human:

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Vegetarian
    * Meat and Poultry
    * Fish and Seafood
    * Egg
    * Rice Dishes
    * Sweet and Savoury
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Bakes
      * Cakes and Cupcakes
      * Cookies
      * Breads and Buns
  * Mentions
  * About Me
  * Contact
  * Subscribe
  *  __

__

__

# Burnt Ginger Soy Fish

By _Arpita@Gastronomic Bong_ Posted on May 29, 2020 __5

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

**Burnt Ginger Soy Fish** is a delicious **Asian** flavoured fish preparation.
Batter shallow fried **basa fish** is infused with warm and fragrant burnt
ginger and soy flavours. 15 minutes is all you need to prepare this flavourful
burnt ginger fish. Perfect as an appetizer or as a side with white steamed
rice.

Hiya my lovelies!!!

Hope all of you are safe and sound and happy!!!

Any **Asian food** lover or **fish** lover in the house?

Then you are in for a treat. I have to admit this post was again long overdue
because this **ginger soy fish** is something I had few months back (5 months
precisely) in India. And instantly fell in love with it. It would have been
such a crime if I did not share it with you guys.

**Burnt Ginger Fish** is a mildly flavoured Asian dish with the **warmth** and
**fragrance** from the **ginger** , a little sweet, a little savoury and quite
spicy. Of course you can control the spiciness as per your taste. And the best
part it it comes together in **less that 30 minutes.**

### What ingredients are used to make Asian Ginger Fish?

All the ingredients used to make this ginger fish is basic and pantry friendly
except for the fish. Let's see the list below.

  * **_Fish (I have used Basa here, as I have it stocked up in the freezer. You can use an white fish like cod, haddock, bhetiki, rohu)_**
  *  ** _Ginger_**
  *  ** _Garlic_**
  *  ** _Green chillies (I used thai red chilli)_**
  *  ** _Spring onions_**
  *  ** _Cornflour_**
  *  ** _All purpose flour_**
  *  ** _Pepper powder_**
  *  ** _Chilli sauce_**
  *  ** _Soya sauce_**
  *  ** _Vinegar_**
  *  ** _Worcestershire sauce_**
  *  ** _Brown Sugar/honey_**
  *  ** _Salt_**
  *  ** _Oil_**

Weekend is almost knocking the door and I bring to you this ah-mazing dish to
try this weekend. It can be served as an appetizer with some chilled beer or
as a side dish with some rice. Hop on to check the detailed recipe below.

Here are few **fish recipes** that you can try.

**_Macher Chop Bengali Style (Fish Croquettes)_**

**_Crispy Green Chutney Fish Bites_**

**_Goan Recheado Fish Fry_**

**_Chettinad Fish Fry Recipe_**

**_Salmon Macher Tel Jhal (Bengali Salmon Fish Curry)_**

**_Rava Fish Fry | How to cook Rava Basa Fish Fry_**

**_Salmon Curry With Cauliflower And Potato_**

**_Salmon in Yogurt Gravy (Doi Maach)_**

**_Zafrani Prawns Curry_**

**_Ilish Begun er Tel Jhol_**

**_Goan Prawns Curry_**

**_One Pot Coconut Rice with Prawns_**

**_Garlic Prawn Spaghetti_**

_**Eral Thokku Tamilnadu style**_

## Burnt Ginger Soy Fish

Print Recipe

## Burnt Ginger Soy Fish | Chinese Ginger Fish

**Burnt Ginger Soy Fish** is a delicious asian flavoured fish preparation.
Batter shallow fried basa fish is infused with amazing burnt ginger and soy
flavours. 15 minutes is all you need to prepare this flavourful burnt ginger
fish. Perfect as an appetizer or as a side with white steamed rice.

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time15 mins

Course: Appetizer, Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine: Asian, Chinese, Indo Chinese

Keyword: Chinese fish recipe, Ginger fish recipe, GInger soy Fish recipe, Indi
chinese fish

Servings: 4

Author: Arpita@Gastronomic Bong

### Equipment

  * large thick bottomed pan/cast iron Skillet

  * Large bowl

### Ingredients

#### Marinate:

  * 450 grams Basa Fish or Any white fish like Cod/Haddock/Bhetki/Rohu) Cut into small pieces
  * 2 tbsp CornFlour
  * 1 1/2 tbsp All purpose flour
  * 2 tsp Soy sauce
  * 1 tsp Black Pepper powder
  * 1/2 tsp Salt
  * 2 tbsp water

#### For the sauce:

  * 1 tbsp Soy Sauce
  * 2 tsop Vinegar
  * 1 tsp Worcestershire sauce
  * 1-2 tsp Chilli sauce
  * 2 tsp Brown sugar/sugar/honey
  * 1 tbsp  water

#### Other ingredients

  * 2 1/2 tbsp Fresh Ginger Grated
  * 2 Garlic cloves chopped
  * 6-7 Spring onions Chopped
  * 5-6 Chillies (I used tspicy thai red chillis) chopped
  * 1 tsp Ginger (julienned)
  * 6-7 tbsp Oil for shallow fry the fish

### Instructions

  * In a large bowl add all the ingredients listed under marination and mix it well so that the fish pieces gets coated with the flour. Keep it aside.

  * Heat a 6-7 tbsp of oil ior enough to fry the fish in a skillet/thick bottomed pan on medium heat. Slowly add the coated fish filet in batches.

  * Fry the fish for a couple of minutes, until it turns crispy and brown. Transfer the pieces on kitchen towel, to remove excess oil. Keep aside for a while.

  * In a small bowl mix all the ingredients listed under sauce and keep it aside.

  * Now from the same skillet reduce the oil in which we fried the fish and keep just 1 tbsp of oil in it. Heat the oil on medium, when hot add the freshly grated ginger and saute for 1-2 minutes until the ginger turns slightly golden brown.

  * Next toss in the spring onions, garlic, chillies and saute for another 2 minutes on medium heat.

  * Pour in the sauce and mix everything well. Cook for a minute.

  * Finally add in the fried fish along with the julienned ginger and toss it well with the sauce.

  * Remove from heat, and garnish with coriander leaves. Serve it hot as an appetizer or as a side with some rice.

I hope you enjoy this delicious **_Burnt Ginger Fish_** as much as we do!

You know what guys I would love to see your creations. If you have tried this
recipe, just click a pic and tag me  **@gastronomicbong  **or **
#gastronomicbong **on  **Instagram **or on ** Facebook.**

**_Bon Appetit!!!_**

**_Stay Safe! Stay Positive!_**

### Sharing is caring:

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
  * Click to print (Opens in new window)
  * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
  * More
  * 

  * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
  * 

### Like this:

Like Loading...

### _Related_

Share this article

0

  * previously

##### Date Palm Jaggery Whole Wheat Loaf

 __

  * up next

##### Prawns Biryani Instant Pot

 __

## Post navigation

Previous Post __Previous Date Palm Jaggery Whole Wheat Loaf

Next PostNext __ Prawns Biryani Instant Pot

##### You Might Also Like

######  Mutton Sukka Fry Recipe

Posted on August 31, 2019September 30, 2019

######  Hanukkah Rugelach w/ Walnuts Raisins and Cinnamon Sugar

Posted on December 16, 2014January 20, 2019

######  Sabudana Khichdi | How to cook Sabudana Khichdi

Posted on February 19, 2019June 18, 2019

######  Salmon Macher Tel Jhal (Bengali Salmon Fish Curry)

Posted on July 12, 2019August 23, 2021

######  Masala Egg Bhurji Quesadillas

Posted on May 2, 2019

######  Bengali Style Egg Curry - Dimer Jhol

Posted on August 25, 2015December 27, 2018

### What do you think? Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Î”

#####  5 Comments

  * ###### angiesrecipes

May 29, 2020

This must be very tasty and flavourful! I love mine with extra portion of
ginger and onion ðŸ™‚

Reply

  * ###### Fish Orly (Fish Butter Fry) Bengali Style - Gastronomic BONG

June 18, 2020

[â€¦] Burnt Ginger Soy Fish [â€¦]

  * ###### Pomfret Macher Jhal (Pomfret Curry) - Gastronomic BONG

August 27, 2020

[â€¦] Burnt Ginger Soy Fish [â€¦]

  * ###### Amritsari Fish Fry (Amritsari Macchi) - Gastronomic BONG

January 17, 2021

[â€¦] Burnt Ginger Soy Fish [â€¦]

  * ###### Shorshe Maach (Bengali Mustard Fish Curry) - Gastronomic BONG

March 2, 2021

[â€¦] Burnt Ginger Soy Fish [â€¦]

### Hello Everyone!!

Welcome to Gastronomic Bong, my humble abode: A food blog with many simple and
delicious Indian & international recipes. I am Arpita, the recipe developer
and food photographer of this food blog.

Know more about me

#### Search the site

__

#### Recent News Slideshow

#### Phulkopir Singara Recipe

Posted on November 22, 2021

#### Moong Dal Halwa

Posted on November 2, 2021November 11, 2021

#### Narkel Naru Recipe (Coconut Ladoo)

Posted on October 26, 2021November 11, 2021

#### Bandhakopir Tarkari (Bengali dry Cabbage Curry)

Posted on October 22, 2021

#### Tutti Frutti Cake Rusk

Posted on October 19, 2021

#### FOLLOW ME ON

#### Recipes By Categories

Recipes By Categories Select Category About Me Bakes    Breads and Buns
Cakes and Cupcakes    Cookies Breakfast Deserts Dinner Home Lunch Recipes
Chicken Recipes    Condiments    Drinks    Egg Recipes    Fish and Seafood
Ice Cream/ Frozen Desserts    Meat and Poultry    Rice DIshes    Salads
Sweet and Savoury    Vegetarian Recipes Small Bites Soups Uncategorized

#### Archives

Archives Select Month November 2021  October 2021  August 2021  July 2021
June 2021  May 2021  April 2021  March 2021  February 2021  January 2021
December 2020  November 2020  October 2020  September 2020  August 2020  July
2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020
December 2019  November 2019  October 2019  September 2019  August 2019  July
2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January 2019
December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  September 2015
August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  February 2015  December 2014  November 2014
October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014

#### Follow me on Bloglovin

Follow

#### Follow me on

#### Popular posts

  * Popular Recipes

Copyrights (C) 2021 Gastronomic Bong. All Rights Reserved.

__

This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok
with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT

Privacy & Cookies Policy

Close

#### Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate
through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as
necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of
basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that
help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be
stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to
opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an
effect on your browsing experience.

Necessary

Necessary

Always Enabled

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function
properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic
functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not
store any personal information.

Non-necessary

Non-necessary

Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function
and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads,
other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory
to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

SAVE & ACCEPT

Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel

Post was not sent - check your email addresses!

Email check failed, please try again

Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

%d bloggers like this:

