https://www.daringgourmet.com/shanghai-noodles/


The Daring Gourmet

Grappling Each Dish By The Horns

Sign up for our newsletter!

Email*

Everything

No SPAM. Ever.Check out our privacy policy

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Home & Garden
  * Travel
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * Shop

Home » Food » By Country or Region » Asia » China » **Shanghai Noodles (Cu
Chao Mian)**

# Shanghai Noodles (Cu Chao Mian)

May 5, 2018 by Kimberly Killebrew · 95 Comments

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. See my disclosure
policy.

3412 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

These Chinese fried noodles feature thinly sliced pork, cabbage, garlic,
ginger, green onions, and a sauce that will make your mouth water! Quick and
easy to make, they're perfect for a weeknight meal!

Shanghai, China. The most populated city in the world. Bustling with tourists,
it is also a major port town, financial hub, business and commerce center, and
cultural hotspot. Amidst the ever-changing dynamics of this global city, one
thing remains constant: Noodles are the way of life.

Plump, handmade noodles are the preference and have been for centuries.
Watching Chinese noodle-makers at work in food stalls along the streets of
Shanghai, pulling dough and chopping with cleavers at lightening speed is
truly awe-inspiring. And whatever variations of noodles are served, the most
popular remain ones based on rich brown sauces such as the one featured in
this authentic recipe. Not encumbered with a lot other ingredients, the
central feature of this dish is, of course, the noodles. Simple, quick, and
satisfying…just what a large city dweller needs.

These Shanghai Noodles are fast, easy and positively mouth-watering! You'll
love them!

Shanghai Noodles use pork, but you can substitute chicken, beef or shrimp.
First you marinate the pork for at least 10 minutes.

Then cut up the green onions and Napa cabbage (keeping the green parts and
firmer white parts separate. They're going to be cooked separately so the more
tender parts aren't over-done). Thinly slice the garlic.

Fry the pork in a wok or heavy pan over high heat for a couple of minutes,
setting the reserved marinade aside. I like to use **avocado oil **for high
heat cooking. Unlike most other oils like vegetable and peanut oil that
oxidize at lower heats (oxidation = free radicals/carcinogenic), avocado oil
has a very high smoke point.

Remove the pork and set aside. Next cook the white parts of the green onions
and cabbage along with the garlic for about 30 seconds or until tender. Then
add the green parts of the cabbage and green onions and cook for another 30
seconds.

Return the pork to the pan along with the reserved marinade, the sesame oil,
and the chicken stock/cornstarch mixture. Stir to combine and cook for 30
seconds.

Add the cooked noodles and stir to coat.

Serve immediately.

Enjoy!

## Shanghai Noodles (Cu Chao Mian)

Kimberly Killebrew

Easy, quick and incredibly delicious, these Chinese fried noodles are street
food at its best!

Print Recipe

4.8 from 30 votes

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 5 mins

Total Time 15 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 4 servings

Calories 734 kcal

### Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric



1x2x3x

  * 1/3 cup dark soy sauce (see Note)
  * 1/4 cup oyster sauce
  * vegans: use hoisin sauce
  * recipe for homemade hoisin sauce
  * 2 tablespoons sugar
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons fresh ginger ,finely minced
  * 1 lb pork tenderloin ,sliced thinly (vegetarian/vegan: use tofu following directions from Kung Pao Chicken recipe at https://www.daringgourmet.com/2013/01/08/30/)
  * 1 lb thick round Chinese egg noodles (can substitute Japanese udon noodles) ,cooked according to package instructions (fresh noodles are even better, in which case cut the sauce in half because the fresh noodles weigh more) (vegans: use wheat noodles)
  * 2 tablespoons high heat cooking oil
  * 4 cloves garlic ,sliced thinly
  * 6 green onions ,cut into 1-inch pieces and then julienned lengthwise (keep green and white parts separate)
  * 1/2 head Napa cabbage ,thinly sliced (white and pale green parts kept separate)
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch dissolved in 1 cup chicken stock
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons sesame oil
  * Ground white pepper to taste

### Instructions



  * To make the marinade, combine the soy sauce, oyster sauce, sugar and ginger and stir until the sugar is dissolved. Place the pork in the marinade and let sit for 10 minutes.  Drain and reserve the marinade for later.

  * Heat the oil in a wok or heavy skillet on high heat and fry the pork for one minute or until done. Remove the pork and set aside. Next fry the white parts of the cabbage and green onions along with the garlic for 30 seconds or until tender. Return the pork to the pan along with the reserved marinade, the sesame oil, chicken/cornstarch mixture and the green parts of the cabbage and green onions. Cook for 30 seconds. Add the noodles and stir until combined. Add white pepper to taste. Serve immediately.

### Notes

The saltiness of the soy sauce varies from brand to brand. Start with a 1/3
cup and add more as desired.

### Nutrition

Calories: 734kcal | Carbohydrates: 94g | Protein: 40g | Fat: 21g | Saturated
Fat: 4g | Cholesterol: 168mg | Sodium: 488mg | Potassium: 794mg | Fiber: 4g |
Sugar: 8g | Vitamin A: 250IU | Vitamin C: 4.3mg | Calcium: 70mg | Iron: 3.6mg

Tried this recipe? Mention @daringgourmet or hashtag #daringgourmet

Asian food lovers, don't forget to try this recipe for the **Best Homemade
Teriyaki Sauce!**

_Recipe first published on The Daring Gourmet on January 23, 2013_

3412 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Email

95 Comments →

« Shichimi Togarashi and Nanami Togarashi (Japanese 7 Spice Blend)

Neiman Marcus Dip (Almond Bacon Cheese Spread) »

### 95 Responses

  1. Anonymous says

July 10, 2022 at 5:11 pm

Our Chinese exchange student loved it. Thank you.

Reply

  2. Monica S says

March 5, 2022 at 4:23 am

Fantastic dish! I usually make pancit, but my hubby found fresh knife-cut
Korean noodles so we made this instead. Added shrimp and chicken instead of
pork. So good. The sauce was very flavourful. Love your recipes!

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

March 5, 2022 at 7:08 pm

Fantastic, Monica, I'm so glad you both enjoyed it and appreciate the
feedback, thank you!

Reply

  3. Michael McKee says

February 11, 2022 at 10:52 am

Is the nutrition information on this per 1 serving? Or all 4 servings? What is
a “serving” for this recipe? Thank you so much!

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

February 11, 2022 at 2:34 pm

Hi Michael, this recipe makes 4 servings and the nutrition info is per serving
(they are generous servings).

Reply

  4. Jasmine says

October 29, 2021 at 5:51 pm

Just finished demolishing this fantastic meal. Made this tonight with beef
strips and it turned out phenomenal! The family loved it. I had no chicken
stock so I just used water for the cornstarch slurry and it still came out
perfect. Will definitely be making this again.

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

October 29, 2021 at 8:14 pm

Thank you, Jasmine, I'm so happy it was a family hit!

Reply

  5. Colleen Ewanchyna says

January 4, 2021 at 3:59 pm

I hate to be "That Person" but as a pretty fab cook being married for 31
years, we did not love it. I think the addition of the chicken broth /
cornstarch made it a bit gummy. I did like the base though with the fresh
ginger which I always have in the freezer - I just break a chunk off when I
need it. But thanks for sharing it jus tthe same!

Reply

  6. Candi Daley says

October 17, 2020 at 3:36 pm

While searching for a recipe similar to my favourite Shanghai Noodles this
recipe was recommended to me. Is the flavour very strong? Or is it milder?

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

October 18, 2020 at 8:53 pm

Hi Candi, strong versus mild is very subjective but I personally wouldn't
consider it very strong, but rather typical of the Asian takeout food most
people are familiar with.

Reply

  7. Eliz says

September 12, 2020 at 12:34 pm

I have tried this recipe but adding some chilies & 1 onion. And i used
chicken. It tastes really good. All my family loved it. Although mine is
actually more pale compared to the noodle presented here…I wonder maybe it has
something to do with the soy sauce i used…

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

September 15, 2020 at 5:33 pm

Wonderful, Eliz, thanks so much for the feedback! Yes, the soy sauce can make
a difference in the color as well as the noodles.

Reply

  8. Kat says

September 10, 2020 at 6:05 pm

Just made this for dinner, it was delicious! Mine did come out super saucy
compared to yours, do you happen to have any suggestions why? Looking forward
to making again!

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

September 10, 2020 at 6:44 pm

Hi Kat, what kind of noodles you use will in part determine that as some will
soak up the sauce more than others.

Reply

  9. Naima says

June 14, 2020 at 10:42 pm

I tried this recipe with chicken and it was so delish,can i try it with
prawns, will the prawns work well with this recipe  
Thanks alot for this delicious recipe

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

June 15, 2020 at 8:44 am

Wonderful, Naima, thank you so much!

Reply

« Older Comments

### Add your Response Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

<img src="http://www.daringgourmet.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/logo-
final-01.png" class="sub-logo">

#### Sign up for our newsletter!

Receive the latest from The Daring Gourmet!

Email*

Everything

No SPAM. Ever.Check out our privacy policy

  * About
  * Request
  * Contact
  * Privacy

Copyright (C) 2022 · The Daring Gourmet · All Rights Reserved

__

__

  * __

  * ______________

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Home & Garden
  * Travel
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * Shop

