https://www.sbs.com.au/food/recipes/shanghai-fried-noodles


Sign out

Sign in / Create an account

  * Who Do You Think You Are?
  * Voices
  * Indigenous
  * Census Explorer
  * COVID-19 in language

  * SBS HOME

  * On Demand

  * Guide
    * By Day

    * By Channel

    * By Genre

    * By Language

  * Radio
    * Radio Schedule

    * SBS Arabic24

    * SBS Chill

    * SBS PopAsia

    * SBS PopDesi

    * SBS Radio App

    * SBS Settlement Guide

    * Your Language

    * Radio Podcasts

  * Languages

  * News
    * Dateline

    * Insight

    * The Point

    * The Feed

    * NITV News

    * Small Business Secrets

  * Sport

  * Food

  * SBS Learn

Food

  * Food home
    * Pitch to us
  * Watch
    * SBS Food CH 33
    * Cook like an Italian with Silvia Colloca
    * Food Safari
    * Plat du Tour
    * The Cook Up with Adam Liaw
    * The Streets with Dan Hong
    * What's on TV
    * A-Z food programs
  * Cook
    * Recipe search
    * Recipe videos
    * This week's top picks
    * Bite-sized
    * Recipe index
  * Read
    * From the Food desk
    * Feels like home
    * Play with your food
    * Eat well
    * Feaster
    * Institutions
    * Be a better cook
    * Bite-sized
  * Win

Trending

a-peel-ing recipes

Baguette Studios

velveting meat

subscribe

strudel stories

cook Malaysian

Advanced search

Chinese

# Shanghai fried noodles

  * Shanghai fried noodles (SBS Food)Source: SBS Food

Previous Next Show Grid

  * 

  1. 

Previous Next Hide Grid

Image

1/

Video

Audio

This dish isn’t really Shanghainese at all. It apparently originated with
Shanghai immigrants into Hong Kong in the 1950s, many of whom set up Shanghai-
style restaurants, adapting dishes to suit local tastes. Whatever its origins,
this is a great meal when you need something quick and tasty in an almighty
great rush – assuming you have all ingredients to hand, that is.

Serves

4

###  Preparation

10min

###  Cooking

15min

###  Skill level

Easy

By

Leanne Kitchen, Antony Suvalko

Select ratingGive it 0.5/5Give it 1/5Give it 1.5/5Give it 2/5Give it 2.5/5Give
it 3/5Give it 3.5/5Give it 4/5Give it 4.5/5Give it 5/5

Average: 3.2 (256 votes)

Yum

###  Ingredients

  * **1 tbsp** light soy sauce
  * **2 tbsp** dark soy sauce
  * **2 tsp** oyster sauce
  * **2 tsp** caster (superfine) sugar
  * **80 ml** (2½ fl oz/ ⅓ cup) chicken stock 
  * **500 g** (1 lb 2 oz) fresh, thick, round egg noodles
  * **80 ml** (2½ fl oz/ ⅓ cup) vegetable oil
  * **500 g** (1 lb 2 oz) Chinese cabbage (wombok), trimmed and cut into 3 cm (1. inch) pieces
  * **2** garlic cloves, finely chopped

**Pork**

  * **450 g** (1 lb) pork loin, trimmed and cut into
  * very thin strips
  * **1 tbsp** light soy sauce
  * **2 tsp** caster (superfine) sugar
  * **2 tsp** sesame oil

### Cook's notes

Oven temperatures are for conventional; if using fan-forced (convection),
reduce the temperature by 20˚C. | We use Australian tablespoons and cups: 1
teaspoon equals 5 ml; 1 tablespoon equals 20 ml; 1 cup equals 250 ml. | All
herbs are fresh (unless specified) and cups are lightly packed. | All
vegetables are medium size and peeled, unless specified. | All eggs are 55-60
g, unless specified.

### Instructions

**Marinating time** 30 minutes

To prepare the pork, combine all the ingredients in a bowl, toss to coat well,
then cover and set aside at cool room temperature for 30 minutes.

Combine the soy sauces, oyster sauce, sugar and stock in a bowl and stir to
combine well. Set aside.

Cook the noodles in a saucepan of boiling water for 5 minutes (or according to
the packet instructions), or until softened. Drain in a colander, then toss
the noodles with a little of the vegetable oil to prevent them from sticking
together.

Meanwhile, heat half of the oil in a wok over a medium–high heat, add the
cabbage and garlic and stir-fry for 4 minutes, or until the cabbage has
softened. Remove to a bowl. Heat the remaining oil in the wok, then add the
pork mixture and stir-fry for 3–4 minutes, or until the pork is cooked
through. Return the cabbage to the wok, then add the noodles and the soy sauce
mixture and cook, tossing the wok, for 2–3 minutes, or until everything is
well combined and heated through. Divide among four bowls and serve
immediately.

_Image and recipe extracted from_The Real Food of China _by Leanne Kitchen &
Antony Suvalko, published by Hardie Grant Books (RRP $69.95). _Available in
stores nationally and at theSBS Shop.__

Advertisement

Advertisement

## This week's top Food TV picks

CELEBS, FOOD, FUN

### Episode guide | The Cook Up with Adam Liaw S2 | Episodes 91 to 100

Adam Liaw continues to cook, laugh, and explore culture with some of
Australia's most beloved in The Cook Up With Adam Liaw S2.

SBS On Demand

### SBS On Demand

Watch all of Season 1 as Frank Pinello explores the incredible world of pizza
from Chicago's deep dish to the New York 'fold'.

next previous

## Newly added

Episode guide | The Cook Up with Adam Liaw S3 | Episodes 1 to 10

_3 days_ ago

Always burning cakes? Your oven is probably set wrong, so here's how to fix it

_3 days_ ago

Savour these juicy bone-in-fish tips and survival stories

_3 days_ ago

16 quick ways to use it up at home

_3 days_ ago

In Social

## Stay connected with Food

Stay connected with Food

## Vertical Tabs

Newsletter

Exclusive TV sneak peeks, recipes and competitions

Sign up now

Audio Track

Podcast

Listen now

RSS

RSS

Subscribe now

Stay connected with Food

Exclusive TV sneak peeks, recipes and competitions

Sign up now

Podcast

Listen now

RSS

Subscribe now

## In Social

Subscribe

Facebook

Follow

Twitter

49.9K

Follow

Instagram

Advertisement

Back to top

  * Copyright
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Privacy
  * Disclaimer
  * Your online preferences

  * Audience Technical Support
  * Complaints
  * Contact Us
  * Media Centre
  * SBS Codes of Practice
  * Freedom of Information
  * Public Interest Disclosure
  * Senate Order - Entity Contracts
  * Using this Website
  * Help

  * About SBS
  * Sales & Advertising
  * Careers

SBS acknowledges the Traditional Owners of Country throughout Australia.

####

x

##

