https://www.food.com/recipe/shanghai-noodles-61712


  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes 
    * Lunch Recipes 
    * Appetizers & Snack Recipes 
    * Dinner Recipes 
    * Dessert Recipes 
    * Drink & Cocktail Recipes 
    * Side Dish Recipes 
    * Grilling & BBQ Recipes 
    * Microwave Recipes 
    * Quick & Easy Recipes 
    * Slow-Cooker Recipes 
    * Air Fryer Recipes 
    * Instant Pot Recipes 
    * Baking Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Popular
    * Trending Now 
    * Casserole Recipes 
    * Chili Recipes 
    * Soup Recipes 
    * Pasta Recipes 
    * Bread Recipes 
    * Cookie Recipes 
    * Salad Recipes 
    * Tofu Recipes 
    * Copycat Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Meat & Seafood
    * Chicken Recipes 
    * Salmon Recipes 
    * Pork Chop Recipes 
    * Ground Beef Recipes 
    * Shrimp Recipes 
  * Healthy & Diet
    * Keto Recipes 
    * Healthy Recipes 
    * Vegetarian Recipes 
    * Vegan Recipes 
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes 
    * Weight Watchers Recipes 
    * Low-Carb Recipes 
    * Gluten-Free Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Holidays
    * Dinner Party Recipes 
    * Game Day Recipes 
    * Valentine's Day Recipes 
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes 
    * Easter Recipes 
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes 
    * Mother's Day Recipes 
    * Memorial Day Recipes 
    * Juneteenth Recipes 
    * 4th of July Recipes 
    * Halloween Recipes 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Hanukkah Recipes 
    * Christmas Recipes 
    * New Year's Recipes 
  * Cuisine
    * Mexican Recipes 
    * Italian Recipes 
    * Indian Recipes 
    * Thai Recipes 
    * Korean Recipes 
    * French Recipes 
    * Latin American Recipes 
    * Chinese Recipes 
    * Japanese Recipes 
    * Spanish Recipes 
  * Seasonal
    * Spring Recipes 
    * Summer Recipes 
    * Fall Recipes 
    * Winter Recipes 
    * See More 

icons / profile

icons / arrow / arrow-left

  1. Recipes 
  2. One Dish Meal 

Community Pick

# Shanghai Noodles

100

Recipe by papergoddess

96

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

  *   *   *   *   * MORE 

Save Recipe

Wonderful oriental side-dish. So quick and easy! I serve this with chicken or
pork tenderloin marinated in Teriyaki sauce (recipe 44750). Or you can add
meat to the dish for a one-dish meal.

Ready In:

    15mins

Serves:

     4 

Yields:

     2 Main course servings 

Units:

     US 

icons / print PRINT RECIPE

  * icons / email
  * icons / social / pinterest
  * icons / social / facebook

96

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

## ingredients

Nutrition

  * 3  tablespoons oil
  * 1 -2  tablespoon sesame oil
  * 2  cups shredded cabbage (or Chinese cabbage)
  * 1⁄2 cup chopped green onion
  * 8  ounces angel hair pasta
  * 2 -4  tablespoons soy sauce (to taste)
  * 4  ounces sliced cooked chicken breasts (optional)
  * 1  can bean sprouts, drained (optional)

## directions

  * Cook pasta according to package directions;drain.
  * Heat oil and sesame oil in skillet.
  * Saute cabbage and green onion for about 5 minutes.
  * Add pasta and soy sauce (also chicken and/or bean sprouts if desired) and heat through.

Submit a Recipe Correction

#### MY PRIVATE NOTES

Add a Note

Advertisement

Advertisement

### RECIPE MADE WITH LOVE BY

Follow Me

@papergoddess

Contributor

@papergoddess

Contributor

"Wonderful oriental side-dish. So quick and easy! I serve this with chicken or
pork tenderloin marinated in Teriyaki sauce (recipe 44750). Or you can add
meat to the dish for a one-dish meal."

  * ###### recipes

179

  * ###### tweaks

5

  * ###### photos

30

icons / sparkles / sparkles

### JOIN THE CONVERSATION

icons / sparkles / sparkles

icons / camera

upload

icons / star / star-outline

review

icons / write-a-review

tweak

icons / question

ask

all

reviews

tweaks

q&a

sort by: most popularmost recent icons / navigate / navigate-down

  1. review by  judy a. 

10/27/2017

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

i have been making this meal for years and have passed on to family and
friends, husband thinks it's amazing . .

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  2. tweak by  judy a. 

10/27/2017

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Only spice I add is Chinese 5 spice which gives it just a little more oriental
taste

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  3. review by  BettyBoop330 

10/21/2016

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

I made what seem to be quite a few changes to this recipe, but I believe they
are faithful to the spirit of the recipe. I doubled the recipe, cooking the
chicken first by brining it for 25 min. The chicken turned out tender and
delicious. I wanted more veggies, so added minced garlic and reg. onion
(instead of green onions) which I sauteed with ginger powder and red pepper
flakes. Then I added grated carrots (2 large) and sliced bell peppers (1 red,
1 green), and stir-fried until partially cooked. Added the cabbage to the wok,
and cooked a little longer than 5 min. Used Thai rice noodles according to
package directions (soak in cold or warm water for 2 min, then cut with
scissors into 2 inch lengths). Added the noodles to the wok with the soy sauce
and a couple of glugs of fish sauce, and the chicken. Great stuff!

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  4. review by  sugarlovinmom 

3/26/2014

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Good. We used bok choy and chinese noodles. Fried the noodles in a bit of
sesame oil after they were boiled to add a bit of flavor. Used canned sprouts,
and they were fine but unnecessary. Used a sweet or regular onion instead of
the green onion, and added chopped chicken.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  5. review by  Satyne 

2/14/2014

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Made using Ramen noodles and chicken mince. Added some grated carrots too.
Yummo.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

see 109 more icons / navigate / navigate-down

Advertisement

### YOU'LL ALSO LOVE

Soft Fried Shanghai Spicy Noodles with Shredded Pork

by Olha7397

2

Shanghai Cold Noodles With Peanut Butter Sauce

by SharonChen

1

How to Make Meatball Sub Kolaches

28 Springtime Salads for Easter

View All Recipes

### RELATED PAGES

Best Marinated Pork TenderloinShanghai Fried Noodles With Pork or
ChickenMarinated Oriental Pork Tenderloin With Fried RiceMandarin-Teriyaki
SauceEasy-Grilled-Chicken-TeriyakiTangy Pork SpareribsMoon's Korean Teriyaki
SauceSpicy Oriental OrzoSalmon Teriyaki With Garlic Noodles

View Suggestions

BACK TO TOP

icons / social / facebook icons / social / pinterest icons / social / twitter
icons / social / youtube icons / email

  * All Categories 
  * Site Map 
  * About Us 
  * Help 

The Discovery Family of Networks

  * HGTV
  * DIY Network
  * Food Network
  * Cooking Channel
  * Travel Channel
  * HGTV Poland

© 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

  * Advertise
  * AdChoices
  * Privacy Notice
  * Visitor Agreement

California Privacy Notice CA Do Not Sell My Info

