https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/92761/debs-general-tsos-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Chinese
  6. Deb's General Tso's Chicken

# Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.4

74 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 48 
  * 4 star values: 18 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 4 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 74 Ratings 
  * 54 Reviews 
  * 15 Photos 

A traditional Chinese favorite, you'll enjoy the spicy sweet soy sauce with
ginger and garlic flavors, ingredients that make this dish so addictive. This
is a true General's chicken recipe which requires frying the chicken twice to
give it that extra crispiness. The cornstarch batter gives the chicken a light
coating. Don't scrimp or replace the ingredients or you might be disappointed.
If you are on a busy schedule, you can cut down the time considerably by
making and refrigerating the sauce and chicken up to 3 days; and doing the
second stage of frying the chicken later. Serve with rice or noodles tossed
with lightly steamed fresh vegetables of your choice, such as broccoli,
zucchini, squash, and green onions.

Recipe by Deb K

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Add Photo

Deb's General Tso's Chicken Lisa Kral

Deb's General Tso's Chicken DFKitchentime

Deb's General Tso's Chicken Allrecipes Member

Deb's General Tso's Chicken Roxanne

\+ 11 11 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

25 mins

cook:

30 mins

total:

55 mins

Servings:

6

Yield:

6 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 4 cups vegetable oil for frying 
  * 3 eggs 
  * ½ cup cornstarch 
  * 2 teaspoons cornstarch 
  * 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into bite-sized pieces 
  * 1 ½ cups white sugar 
  * ¼ cup distilled white vinegar 
  * ¼ cup rice vinegar 
  * ¼ cup dry sherry 
  * 2 ½ tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 2 teaspoons minced garlic 
  * 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 12 dried whole red chilies, or to taste 
  * 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, or to taste 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat the frying oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190
degrees C).

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Beat the eggs in a mixing bowl until smooth. Mix in the 1/2 cup plus 2
teaspoons cornstarch until no lumps remain. Mix in the chicken until evenly
coated in the batter.

  * Step 3

In batches, carefully drop the chicken cubes into the hot oil one by one,
cooking until the chicken turns golden brown and begins to float, about 3
minutes. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate.

  * Step 4

Meanwhile, combine the sugar, white vinegar, rice vinegar, sherry, soy sauce,
and garlic in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir
constantly until the sugar has dissolved and the sauce thickens to the
consistency of light pancake syrup, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and
keep warm.

  * Step 5

Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over medium-high
heat. Stir in the dried chiles and ginger; cook and stir until the ginger
begins to brown, about 30 seconds. Remove the chiles and ginger from the wok
and stir them into the sauce. Place the fried chicken cubes into the wok and
cook until very crispy and dark golden brown. Serve the chicken with the
sauce.

I Made It  Print

##  Editor's Note

The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the batter
ingredients. The actual amount of the batter consumed will vary. We have
determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value
of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and
temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

829 calories; protein 36.4g; carbohydrates 91.9g; fat 37.3g; cholesterol
189.3mg; sodium 688.7mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (54)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

NoviceCook21

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2010

If you want it like the take out (or like my hometowns take out)...... Use
Non-Dried Red Peppers, and make sure you cut em to get the seeds all in your
sauce..... Also throw some of the juices from your peppers in everything....
Cut the sugar down a lot.. if you use as much as this recipe calls for you're
gonna end up with a caramel mess...when it says thicken up (sauce)... I hear
Wait for it to start getting bubbled but too much bubble= hard sugary
caramel.. good for coating not so good for wet and saucy

Read More

Helpful (39)

### Most helpful critical review

cookingmommy

Rating: 2 stars

01/03/2010

This was not that good. I have used other recipes for general tso's which is
my all time fav. Chinese dish. This one had to be the worst. My husband said
it reminded him of cotton candy. The batter for the chicken wasn't much more
then scrambled egg coated chicken.

Read More

Helpful (30)

74 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 48 
  * 4 star values: 18 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 4 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

NoviceCook21

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2010

If you want it like the take out (or like my hometowns take out)...... Use
Non-Dried Red Peppers, and make sure you cut em to get the seeds all in your
sauce..... Also throw some of the juices from your peppers in everything....
Cut the sugar down a lot.. if you use as much as this recipe calls for you're
gonna end up with a caramel mess...when it says thicken up (sauce)... I hear
Wait for it to start getting bubbled but too much bubble= hard sugary
caramel.. good for coating not so good for wet and saucy

cookingmommy

Rating: 2 stars

01/03/2010

This was not that good. I have used other recipes for general tso's which is
my all time fav. Chinese dish. This one had to be the worst. My husband said
it reminded him of cotton candy. The batter for the chicken wasn't much more
then scrambled egg coated chicken.

Kristin

Rating: 5 stars

12/09/2009

This was really good. Very tasty. Not quite how the restaurants make it but
that may have been an error on my part. I didn't have the dried chili peppers
so I also used about 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes. I would have
liked it a bit spicier so next time I may add another 1/4 tsp or so. As I
crisped up the chicken in my wok I thought I would add the sauce straight to
the chicken as it was finishing up. Bad idea! It was fine when it was hot but
as it started cooling off it turned to the consistency of taffy. Very sticky
on the teeth! Luckily I had only put a little bit of the sauce in there,
otherwise it would have been ruined. Be sure to follow the directions and put
the sauce on AFTER. I also like using the chicken thighs as opposed to
breasts. I think breast meat would have easily overcooked, as you are
basically cooking it twice.

Shannon Hewett

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2009

This was very good. I used crushed red pepper flakes instead of the chilies. I
was yummy! Served over rice.

LESLIEJONES159

Rating: 5 stars

05/28/2010

This recipe is better than I have ever had. I substituted the Sherry for
water, because we don't carry it here. It was an awesome recipe and I have
made it for friends several times already!

gantz12

Rating: 2 stars

11/19/2010

Not very much like any Chinese place around me. The sauce, which I tried 3
times, always turns out very sticky and hardens when it is taken off the heat.
Way too much sugar. Maybe cut it down or use corn starch like other recipes
call for. The chicken does turn out good though. Right idea but not for the
sauce.

amydoll

Rating: 5 stars

01/27/2010

This was some really great chicken! I loved it! I used egg substitute in place
of eggs, and only fried my chicken in just enough oil to coat the bottom of
the pan (less than 1/2 cup total). I used half the sugar called for, so the
sauce didn't thicken as much, but I don't like things super sweet. After the
chicken was done, I discarded all but a little bit of the oil, cooked the
ginger and hot pepper flakes (IPO chilies) in the same pan, and just poured
over the chicken, which was being kept warm. Served over rice with a
sprinkling of sesame seeds. This was an easy quick dinner as good as you'd get
in a Chinese restaurant.

Kim

Rating: 5 stars

11/27/2011

I used fresh chili peppers. I kept the pepper out of the kids batch and the
adults had peppers (that I split open) and some dry pepper flakes... sweet,
spicy goodness!! I will make this once a week and so much more cheaper than
take out and you can make it as crispy as you want it and as spicy as you like
it!! Love it! My family loves it too!! I like that you can fry it in advance
and then fry it a second time later because it is time consuming.

Tony

Rating: 5 stars

12/03/2009

Tried making this dish for the first time ever. It was extreamly easy to make
and my family absolutely loved it. Think I will double it from now on.

Southern~/~Dragonfly

Rating: 5 stars

01/03/2010

Wow! This was incredible! We are saying goodbye to our favorite Chinese
restaurant, because now we can make our favorite dish at home for MUCH less
money! Thank you SO much for the recipe!

LaurenMV

Rating: 4 stars

01/01/2010

Made exactly as written except used dried ginger in the sauce. This has great
taste, I only wish my sauce turned out thicker and maybe a little spicier too.
Definitely going to make this again with maybe some slight changes.

Maurice GrillMaster Burt

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2012

AWESOME! Made the sauce only to compliment some leftover sesame chicken from
the night before. Added some hoisin and garlic sauce with a hint of cornstarch
to thicken. Dropped the leftover sesame chicken (previously deep fried) in the
sauce, stir fried.....made a lovely glaze. Served with fried rice...AWESOME!

preciousms

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2013

This was awesome!!! I just finished cooking it and my family loved it!! I
didn't use a lot of peppers but apparently they would have preferred if I used
none at all.....next time I'll make sauce with and without peppers (I like
them). But I will definetly make this again. No more chinese take out for me
:-)

Maria Markham Thompson

Rating: 3 stars

07/11/2013

Overall, I liked the result, but the sauce was thin until we added more sugar
and a some cornstarch to thicken it. The additional time let the flavors of
the peppers, garlic and ginger brighten and strengthen, so that with an extra
splash of soy sauce. In the future, I'll change the order of preparation. I'm
thinking of simmering the vegetables in the soy, sherry, and vinegar while I'm
frying the chicken, then add the sugar (double the recommended amount) as my
final step.

Rachel Mae Hinken

Rating: 3 stars

02/28/2010

Ok, this was a confusing outcome for us. If we were thinking of this as
General Tsao's chicken, it did not rate that good. As a honey chicken or
something, it was pretty good. It is VERY sweet. The General Tsao's we get at
the local chinese place just has a hint of sweet, and lots of kick. With this
recipe, I personally thought it tastes like pancake syrup. For some reason, my
sauce would not thicken up at all. I only used 6 dried peppers, but threw in
some pepper flakes, and it was not spicy at all unless you happened to eat
part of the chili. I followed the execution to the letter. Thanks, anyway.

britfish

Rating: 3 stars

02/17/2014

I use this as the base for my General Tsaos. The ratio of vinegars, sherry and
soy works very well. For the love of god do not even think about putting as
much sugar in as she does. I use about 20% of the sugar (sweeten to taste) and
then thicken it with cornstarch. The only other change I make is to put diced
ginger in the sauce as well.

Loves2Cook

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2011

We loved this recipe! Took a lot of dishes to make, but so worth it. Used
chicken breasts as that was all I had on hand. And we used peppers from our
garden. The sweet and spicy flavors work well together. Will definitely make
again!

Kimm

Rating: 4 stars

12/28/2012

Five stars for the sauce, 3 stars for the battered chicken. I didn't love the
egg in the batter. The sauce was great, though a person could probably cut the
sugar by 1/4 c. and be fine. I hate cornstarched, gummy sauces, so I like this
version. If you like thicker sauce, of course you can add a little cornstarch,
but I wouldn't overdo it.

Angelafriend

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2012

This was DELICIOUS! My whole family - including 2 young boys LOVED it! I
omitted the chilies and poured a little more than half of the sauce over the
chicken in the pan at the end while frying up the chicken and it caramelized
the sugar and was awesome!!

jbernas

Rating: 4 stars

01/02/2011

Pretty good. We used red pepper flakes and and powdered ginger and it was
yummy. I think next time, we'll reduce the sauce to make it a little thicker
and sweeter.

Sharon

Rating: 5 stars

08/11/2012

this was so very good. I made this for my grandson's birthday dinner because
he wanted chinese food but I couldn't afford to take 7 people out to dinner so
I decided to try this. I was really surprised at how good it was. It had way
more flavor than me local restaurant has. I omitted the sherry and used
chopped peppers and it was yummy. I would definitely make this again

Heidi Allison

Rating: 5 stars

12/07/2010

On a whim I decided to try this recipie. We were going to a party and I was
asked to bring something a little spicy. The recipe is easy to follow, it's
not hard to make... And honestly... the plate sat on the table for no more
than five minutes and it was gone. I made a few small changes as I've remade
it again and again (I'm not allowed to being anything other than these now). I
cube the chicken the night before and let it soak in some hot sauce. When I'm
making it, I use the batter exactly as stated in the recipie. And with the
sauce? I almost double the chillies. Instead of using a wok and thickening the
sauce, I just take the chicken, once it's all cooked and pour the sauce over
it, tossing the chicken and the sauce in a bowl until it's well coated and
then drain off the liquid keeping as many of the chilies as I can. Set it on a
platter and away we go. I've never seen an appetizer go quite as fast as these
do.

Amy

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2015

My Family loves General Tsao's and this recipe rocks! I leave out some of the
sauce with out Peppers for my youngest son

Spitfireshic

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2011

a little too sweet though.

audrey

Rating: 5 stars

07/28/2012

OMGOODNESS!! this sauce is amazing!! i just used frozen already breaded
chicken strips instead of what the recipe called for but the star of this show
was the sauce!!!! Its so delish!!!!!!!

LoveStormySeas

Rating: 2 stars

07/13/2011

Way to much sugar. The chicken was like eating a candy apple!! The coating on
the chicken turned out perfect... and the basic flavor was good... just too
much sugar.

CakeLadyPHX

Rating: 4 stars

07/19/2011

Great recipe! The skeptical 19 year old called it 'legit'! That's a compliment
=]

jamich

Rating: 4 stars

03/09/2011

I love this recipe..my sister in law introduced me to it, it is very easy to
follow. I had to modify the peppers alittle bit so my kids would eat it, but
they love it as well...

jaycie

Rating: 5 stars

06/30/2010

This recipe is awesome. Only problem I had is the sauce did not thicken in
said time, I kept going much longer, eventually added corn starch slurry to
thicken before serving. still delicious!

Epicurefan

Rating: 5 stars

04/19/2011

This was Awesome!! Genius!! I made it to serve 3 and substitued the sherry for
2 T water, used 1/8 tsp of crushed red pepper flakes instead of red chilies
and 1/8 tsp of ground ginger because I did not have any fresh on hand. I ended
up frying my coated chicken in a pan. My only complaint was the sauce didn't
thicken but my sauces never thicken. The taste was amazing, just how I
remembered it tasting at a restaraunt in Montreal. Fabulous!! Thanks Deb K!!

Tracy

Rating: 5 stars

07/26/2010

Excellent

MaryW.

Rating: 4 stars

08/26/2011

This recipe was quick and easy to make. My husband loves it when I make this.
The only problem that I had was that it was not spicy enough. I had to use
quite a bit of red pepper flakes and even then it still lacked a little bit of
the spice that most restaurant quality General Tso's has.

jnicoll

Rating: 5 stars

08/19/2011

Flavor was excellent, but next time I will thicken the sauce a little.

Mehmet Karaca

Rating: 5 stars

07/03/2010

Wow. I did not expect this recipe to turn out this good. Perfect end result
despite the fact I substituted bourbon for sherry, regular vinegar for rice
vinegar, etc. Thanks!

jennifer_95

Rating: 4 stars

11/19/2010

I thought this was good but I had some trouble with it. I always make exactly
according to the recipe before tweeking it a bit. As is, the flavor was good -
maybe a little too sweet and not enough spicy - but that is an easy fix. I had
trouble with the thickening of the sauce. It didn't thicken at all. No matter
how long I cooked it it would not thicken until I added a cornstarch/water
mixture to it. But then I added too much of the mixture and it only tasted
like cornstarch. Not sure what I did wrong but I will definitely try it again
and try to figure out how to get the sauce just right.

Jeanwrap

Rating: 5 stars

04/15/2019

Hubby and I devoured this in 5 minutes!! The sauce wasn't as thick as I
thought it might be... I feel like next time I will make a thickener to make
it stickier. I served it on a bowl of sticky rice. Despite how much sugar is
in it, it wasn't as sweet as I thought it might be... I think the vinegar
negates it a bit. I will definitely make this again - it was very easy to
make!

Kimberly Carr

Rating: 4 stars

05/13/2020

it was good

Kim

Rating: 5 stars

11/27/2011

I used fresh chili peppers. I kept the pepper out of the kids batch and the
adults had peppers (that I split open) and some dry pepper flakes... sweet,
spicy goodness!! I will make this once a week and so much more cheaper than
take out and you can make it as crispy as you want it and as spicy as you like
it!! Love it! My family loves it too!! I like that you can fry it in advance
and then fry it a second time later because it is time consuming.

Jared Clemence

Rating: 4 stars

10/21/2015

I would make this again. It was incredibly simple to make, and tasted very
good. I did not have a Wok, so I did not do the final step of cooking the
chicken until it was crispy after deep frying it. Still delicious.

Amanda Schmidt

Rating: 4 stars

03/05/2019

Very good!

Francesca Bernier

Rating: 5 stars

04/19/2020

Easy, excellent , super tasty! Thank you!

LydiaGIT

Rating: 5 stars

10/15/2017

This got RAVES by the family. It was easy and delicious. I will definitely be
making this again.

shansacookin

Rating: 5 stars

11/23/2010

Bravo! Very tasty. Also try with a little orange juice & skip the sherry.

DFKitchentime

Rating: 4 stars

03/30/2021

The basic recipe turned out great for me. I made a few changes including
substituting Chinese rice wine (Shaoxing wine) for the sherry. I also added a
little vodka to bump up the crispiness and added some chili garlic crisp and
some green onion only because I like having them in my Chinese dishes.

Francen Sanders

Rating: 4 stars

09/28/2020

This was a hit with my picky family. I did make some changes to this version.
I used this for the batter: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour 1/2 cup cornstarch 1
teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon baking powder 3/4 cup club soda I used cauliflower (
I don't eat meat)and chicken I used this for the sauce: 1/4 cup orange juice 3
tablespoons sugar 3 tablespoons soy sauce 3 tablespoons vegetable broth 2
tablespoons rice vinegar 2 teaspoons sesame oil 2 teaspoons cornstarch I added
the orange peel from fresh squeeze to this sauce and let it simmer. After deep
frying the meat and sauteing the veggies I let them drain on a papertowel.
Then for each plate I sauted meat, veggies, and a little sauce to coat. Then
served over rice with a little more sauce.

Amy Blue

Rating: 5 stars

04/11/2020

My family loved this! All the Chinese take out joints in town are closed due
to Covid-19 and we wanted General Tso's so badly that I went for it. The
frying in batches was a little time consuming but it was an easy recipe to
make! I didnt have an essential ingredient - dried Thai Chili peppers, but I
got by with a substitution of chili powder and some whole jalapenos.

Dawn White

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2018

Omg I didn't think I could make this. I amazed myself. This is so delicious.

Belinda

Rating: 5 stars

06/19/2018

I followed the recipe and it turned out great! Good flavor kids loved it.

Nicki Crain

Rating: 4 stars

01/03/2016

I really enjoyed this! I've tried making Chinese food before and the texture
of the chicken and the sauce have always eluded me. The chicken was tender on
the inside and crunchy on the outside, and I enjoyed the sauce too. I do agree
with other reviewers that the sauce got very sticky and hard after cooling a
little, so I might experiment with cornstarch next time. I didn't have chilies
or sherry, so I substituted crushed red pepper and used a smaller measurement
of vanilla (as suggested on another site to substitute for sherry) and I
thought the flavor was great. The kids weren't stoked, but all they ever want
to eat is macaroni and cheese. I plan to make it again for friends next time
around!

Lisa Kral

Rating: 5 stars

06/08/2021

This is the first time I’ve ever tried making General Taos chicken and it
turned out fabulous. My husband and I loved it. I followed the recipe. I used
dried chili peppers to taste, we like a lot of zing, and I added a small bag
of frozen stir fry vegetables. Fantastic! This recipe is a keeper. Thanks for
sharing!

davesfaves

Rating: 5 stars

12/13/2016

First time making this dish and this recipe really nails it. Didn't have the
red peppers so just threw in pepper flakes and it was just right. Sweet and
spicy. Fried the chicken pieces twice and they came out slightly crunchy on
the outside but tender on the inside. Thanks for the recipe!

Eric Wymer

Rating: 4 stars

03/21/2019

Make sure I'm not using replacement ingredients.

aishee

Rating: 4 stars

01/06/2011

My family really enjoyed this recipe. It is a bit time consuming but worth it.
It really helps to have a wok.

Roxanne

Rating: 5 stars

11/25/2020

Oh My Goodness!! we can’t find decent Chinese food here in TN! Well that was
until I found this recipe oh my yes please perfect and what I’ve been craving,
no I’m not pregnant just in need of a General Tso

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Deb's General Tso's Chicken

##  All Reviews for Deb's General Tso's Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 828.8  

% Daily Value *

protein:  36.4g  73 %

carbohydrates:  91.9g  30 %

dietary fiber:  0.2g  1 %

sugars:  50.4g

fat:  37.3g  57 %

saturated fat:  6.4g  32 %

cholesterol:  189.3mg  63 %

vitamin a iu:  187.7IU  4 %

niacin equivalents:  12.7mg  98 %

vitamin b6:  0.4mg  26 %

vitamin c:  6.4mg  11 %

folate:  21.1mcg  5 %

calcium:  95.2mg  10 %

iron:  5.9mg  33 %

magnesium:  32.5mg  12 %

potassium:  911.2mg  26 %

sodium:  688.7mg  28 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  10 %

calories from fat:  335.7

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 54

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

1 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Lisa Kral

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

2 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

DFKitchentime

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

3 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Allrecipes Member

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

4 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Roxanne

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

5 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Jonathan

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

6 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Valerie Utley

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

7 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Mel Mood

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

8 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Rose Jessie Seren Hutton

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

9 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

CindyH

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

10 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

eddie rolon

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

11 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Amanda Lee

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

12 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Loves2Cook

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

13 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

Mehmet Karaca

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

14 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

mandalin84

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

15 of 15 Deb's General Tso's Chicken

LaurenMV

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Deb's General Tso's Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Deb's General Tso's Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

