https://www.dinneratthezoo.com/general-tsos-chicken/


  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter

  * About
  * Contact Me
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * RSS
    * Twitter

Dinner at the Zoo

  * All Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Appetizers
  * Dessert
  * One Pot Meals
  * Slow Cooker
  * Asian Food

Home » Asian Food » General Tso's Chicken

Published: December 2, 2019 Last Modified: February 5, 2020 By Sara 69
Comments

# General Tso's Chicken

  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _This recipe for General Tso 's chicken is battered crispy chicken pieces
tossed in a sweet and spicy sauce. A take-out classic that's simple to make at
home and even better than what you'd get in a restaurant!_

My family loves Chinese food, and I've set out to recreate all their favorite
recipes at home. I often make crab rangoon, chicken lettuce wraps and this
irresistible crispy General Tso's chicken.

General Tso's chicken is one of my all time favorite Chinese food dishes. I
love that it's crispy, with a hint of sweet and a hint of spicy. I've started
making this recipe at home when we're craving Asian food, but don't want to
take the time to go to a restaurant. It's been a huge hit, both with the kids
and the adults!

## What is General Tso's chicken?

This chicken dis is a popular Chinese entree made with fried chicken pieces
coated in a sweet and slightly spicy sauce. This chicken is similar to sesame
chicken, but the sauce has a little more heat and a more complex savory
flavor. It is often served with a side of steamed broccoli.

## How do you make General Tso's chicken?

This dish starts with cubes of chicken that are battered and deep fried until
golden brown. The chicken pieces are tossed in a sauce made with soy sauce,
garlic, red chili flakes and hoisin sauce. The final step is to add a sprinkle
of sesame seeds and green onions, then serve and enjoy.

## Tips for this chicken recipe

  * Be careful not to fry too many pieces of chicken at the same time to avoid the pieces sticking or clumping together. I typically fry about 6-8 pieces at a time.
  * To increase the spiciness of your chicken, feel free to add more red pepper flakes. If you want, you can also include some whole dried red chili peppers.
  * This chicken is best served immediately, as the coating will absorb the sauce and get softer as it sits.
  * Use a frying thermometer to make sure your oil stays at 350 degrees F. If the oil is too hot, the outside of the chicken can burn before the inside cooks through. If the oil is too cold, the chicken will absorb more oil and be heavy and greasy.
  * You can use chicken breasts instead of thighs if you prefer, although thighs are the more traditional choice.

## What is the difference between orange chicken and General Tso's chicken?

While, General Tso's chicken and orange chicken are both delicious Chinese
stir fries, they are very different dishes. They both have golden fried
chicken pieces in a sweet sauce, but General Tso's chicken has a more savory
flavor relying on soy sauce, chili flakes and chicken broth. Orange chicken is
sweeter, has orange juice in the sauce and has a lighter colored sauce.

I love to make this sweet and spicy chicken at home. There is something about
enjoying those crispy chicken pieces hot and coated with freshly made sauce
that I can't resist. Don't bother with take out and instead give this recipe a
try!

### More delicious Chinese food recipes

  * Sweet and Sour Chicken
  * Korean Fried Chicken
  * Mongolian Chicken
  * Chicken and Green Beans
  * Sweet Chili Chicken

Print Pin

5 from 49 votes

## General Tso's Chicken

This recipe for General Tso's chicken is battered crispy chicken pieces tossed
in a sweet and spicy sauce. A take-out classic that's simple to make at home
and even better than what you'd get in a restaurant!

Course Main

Cuisine Asian

Prep Time 25 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Total Time 45 minutes

Servings 6

Calories 365kcal

Author Sara Welch

### Ingredients

#### For the chicken:

  * ▢ 1 1/2 lbs boneless skinless chicken thighs cut into 1 inch pieces
  * ▢ 2 eggs lightly beaten
  * ▢ salt and pepper to taste
  * ▢ 1/2 cup all purpose flour
  * ▢ 1/2 cup corn starch
  * ▢ vegetable oil for frying
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons sesame seeds
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons green onions sliced

#### For the sauce:

  * ▢ 2 teaspoons vegetable oil
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons minced fresh garlic
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes or more to taste
  * ▢ 3/4 cup low sodium chicken broth
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons brown sugar
  * ▢ 1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon corn starch

### Instructions

  * Place the eggs in a bowl; add salt and pepper to taste.

  * Mix together the flour and corn starch and place in a shallow bowl or on a plate.

  * Heat 3 inches of oil in a deep pot to 350 degrees F.

  * Dip each piece of chicken into the egg mixture, then coat in the flour mixture. Repeat the process for all of the chicken pieces.

  * Fry 8-9 pieces of chicken at a time for 5 minutes or until browned. Repeat with all the remaining chicken.

  * While the chicken is cooking, make the sauce. 

  * Heat the 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and crushed red pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds.

  * Whisk together the chicken broth, hoisin sauce, brown sugar, soy sauce and corn starch.

  * Add the liquid mixture to the pan and bring to a simmer. Cook for 2-3 minutes or until sauce has thickened.

  * Add the chicken pieces to the pan and toss to coat with the sauce. Sprinkle with sesame seeds and green onions and serve. 

### Nutrition

Calories: 365kcal | Carbohydrates: 43g | Protein: 26g | Fat: 18g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Cholesterol: 162mg | Sodium: 672mg | Potassium: 442mg | Sugar: 21g |
Vitamin A: 240IU | Vitamin C: 21.5mg | Calcium: 53mg | Iron: 2.3mg

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @DinnerAtTheZoo or tag
#dinneratthezoo!

  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Email

Filed Under: Asian Food, Dinner, Featured Recipes

## FREE TOOLKIT: 5 Secrets to Meal Planning

Learn my _5 Meal Planning Secrets_ & get my Meal Planning Toolkit...FREE!

Yes, Sign Me Up!

​  
​

**Still hungry? Follow Dinner at the Zoo onFacebook, Twitter, Instagram and
Pinterest for more great recipe ideas!**

« Baked Beans with Bacon

Vegetable Lasagna »

### Comments

  1. Steve says

August 1, 2022 at 4:53 pm

  
Wonderful! Making it for a 2nd time next week.

Reply

  2. Heather says

July 10, 2022 at 4:30 pm

  
Perfect proportions of ingredients!  
Plus I added an equal amount of ginger with the garlic.  
Any meat would suit this recipe, I used bear tonight and it was delicious!

Reply

  3. Omaha Debbie says

May 2, 2022 at 5:23 pm

  
Fabulous!! Just the right amount of sauce and heat. Will definitely be one of
favs. Thank you for sharing!

Reply

  4. Steven says

April 1, 2022 at 9:12 am

  
This was great! Will make again.

Reply

  5. Jess says

March 9, 2022 at 5:51 pm

  
I never comment on recipes but I had to come back to this one because it was
that good. 10/10 will make again.

Reply

  6. Brandy says

January 10, 2022 at 8:43 am

This was awesome!! I read recipes that claim to be better than take out and
honestly I'm always disappointed UNTIL NOW. This was amazing! This was so much
better than any take out I have ever gotten. I doubled the recipe, made
steamed broccoli and served it over maifun noodles. I just made it last night
and my husband is asking for it again tonight.

Reply

  7. Saundra says

December 12, 2021 at 6:59 am

  
This recipe is fantastic! We have literally licked the bowl clean. I made it
as written and was more than pleased. We love this one.

Reply

  8. Sylvia says

November 20, 2021 at 7:18 am

  
Made this last night for dinner and followed the recipe exactly. What a huge
hit!!! It was delicious. I served it with steamed broccoli over jasmine rice.
Tasted just like our favorite takeout, only much fresher and cheaper! I fried
the chicken in a stock pot with about one inch of vegetable oil and it didn't
splatter which was great. The cornstarch/flour coating was so crispy, a method
that I will incorporate into future recipes. I doubled the sauce so we would
have enough to coat the rice and broccoli and it was perfect. Will be making
this again. Thank you so much for sharing!

Reply

  9. Nicole Kriel says

October 15, 2021 at 12:47 am

Such a delicious recipe In South Africa i have not been able to find a
takeaway place that could make this. Was so excited when I found tis recipe
tasted exactly how i remembered it.

Reply

  10. Max says

September 8, 2021 at 6:21 am

Any suggestions for someone who does not have a deep fryer? Do you just pan
fry it with enough oil?

Reply

    * Sara says

September 8, 2021 at 1:57 pm

Yes that will work fine!

Reply

  11. Sarah says

August 24, 2021 at 7:24 pm

  
Super tasty! We will definitely be coming back and making this recipe again.
It looks and tastes like a restaurant meal!

Reply

  12. Imani says

April 15, 2021 at 2:35 pm

hi can i use oyster sauce in place of hoisin sauce?

Reply

    * Sara says

April 15, 2021 at 6:19 pm

I believe it would be ok but I haven't tested it myself!

Reply

  13. tJ says

April 6, 2021 at 10:33 am

Maybe an odd question but could I premake and fry the chicken, let it go cold
and reheat in the sauce later?

I ask because my kitchen at work has extraction but at home I don't. Trying to
avoid the smell of frying!

Reply

    * Sara says

April 7, 2021 at 8:29 pm

You could try this but you'd need to reheat it in the oven at a high heat to
crisp the coating back up!

Reply

  14. Janet says

March 7, 2021 at 2:28 pm

  
Delicious! I used double the brown sugar, double the hoisin, half the soy
sauce, and water instead of chicken broth to achieve the restaurant taste

Reply

  15. Lin says

February 22, 2021 at 9:05 pm

  
I have made this recipe several times. This is going to be part of my meal
rotations. My husband Loves it. It really does tastes better than restaurant
takeout. Thank you so much for this recipe.

Reply

  16. David A Jackson says

February 14, 2021 at 7:24 am

  
Made this for the fam…… they loved it! Added a little ginger and a touch of
honey, no leftovers!

Reply

« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

  
With 3 young kids, dinner can feel like feeding time at the zoo! I'm a mom on
a mission to create easy, healthy and family friendly recipes ...Read More

#### Grilling Recipes

## The Best Chicken Marinade

## Greek Lemon Chicken

## Hawaiian Chicken

## Grilled Sriracha Shrimp

## Grilled Pork Tenderloin

## Burrito Bowls with Chicken

More Posts from this Category

#### Featured Recipes

## Firecracker Chicken

## Chicken Caprese

## Cajun Shrimp Recipe

## Filet Mignon with Garlic Butter

## FREE TOOLKIT: 5 Secrets to Meal Planning

Learn my _5 Meal Planning Secrets_ & get my Meal Planning Toolkit...FREE!

Yes, Sign Me Up!

​  
​

#### Categories

Categories Select Category Air Fryer Appetizers Asian Food Baking Breakfast
Brunch Cocktail Parties Comfort Food Cookies Crafts and Parties Cupcakes
Dessert Dinner Drinks Easter Easy Meal Plan Sunday Eat Your Veggies Everyday
Meals Featured Recipes Gluten Free Grilling Instant Pot Light & Healthy Lunch
One Pot Meals Pasta Quick & Easy Dinners Roundups Salads Sauces & Seasonings
Side Dishes Slow Cooker Smoker Snacks Soup Spring Recipes St. Patrick's Day
Uncategorized Vegetarian Dishes

PRIVACY POLICY  ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT  © Sara Welch and Dinner at the Zoo®
LLC, 2015-2022.

MENU & SEARCH

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter

  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * All Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Appetizers
  * Dessert
  * One Pot Meals
  * Slow Cooker
  * Asian Food

