https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/59101/general-tsos-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Chinese
  6. Classic General Tso's Chicken

# Classic General Tso's Chicken

Rating: 4 stars 4.1

25 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 13 
  * 4 star values: 7 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 25 Ratings 
  * 16 Reviews 
  * 8 Photos 

This is the classic that is so popular in Chinese restaurants. Banana sauce
can be found in Asian stores. It is made in the Philippines. If you can't get
it, substitute ketchup.

Recipe by CRAIG

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Classic General Tso's Chicken

Add Photo

Classic General Tso's Chicken ROSSANA MONTENEGRO

Classic General Tso's Chicken Laurie

Classic General Tso's Chicken Nika T

Classic General Tso's Chicken Sabrina Showell

\+ 4 4 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

25 mins

cook:

15 mins

total:

40 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 4 cups peanut oil for frying 
  * 2 eggs 
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil 
  * ½ cup cornstarch 
  * 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into bite-sized pieces 
  * 1 ½ tablespoons rice vinegar 
  * 2 tablespoons rice wine 
  * 3 tablespoons white sugar 
  * 3 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil 
  * 1 tablespoon banana ketchup 
  * 2 tablespoons peanut oil 
  * 6 dried whole red chilies 
  * ½ cup diced onion 
  * 1 tablespoon minced garlic 
  * 1 tablespoon orange zest 
  * 2 tablespoons minced green onions 
  * 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat 4 cups of peanut oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F
(190 degrees C).

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Beat the eggs in a mixing bowl; whisk in 1 teaspoon of sesame oil and the
cornstarch. Mix in the chicken until all the pieces are coated with batter.
Drop into the hot oil a piece at a time; cook until the chicken is golden
brown on the outside and no longer pink on the inside, about 4 minutes. Drain
on a paper towel-lined plate.

  * Step 3

Stir together the vinegar, wine, sugar, soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, and
the banana ketchup in a small bowl until smooth; set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons
peanut oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. Stir in the dried chile
peppers and cook for a few seconds until the peppers brighten. Stir in the
onion, garlic, and orange zest. Cook and stir until the onion is beginning to
brown. Stir in the sauce; bring to a boil before adding the fried chicken.
Reduce the heat to medium and stir until the chicken pieces are well coated
with the sauce, a few minutes longer. Serve sprinkled with green onions and
toasted sesame seeds.

I Made It  Print

##  Tips

Editor's Note

The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the batter
ingredients. The actual amount of the batter consumed will vary. We have
determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value
of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and
temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

2475 calories; protein 28.7g; carbohydrates 52.6g; fat 243.7g; cholesterol
161.4mg; sodium 949.2mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (16)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Stephanie

Rating: 4 stars

07/02/2011

Good recipe. I used orange juice instead of rice wine. And omitted the peppers
because the family doesn't like hot, still delicious

Read More

Helpful (18)

### Most helpful critical review

ilovecooking!!!

Rating: 3 stars

04/05/2012

It was OK, but I'd rather have the breading on it to really be like restaurant
food. Too much onions (our family doesn't like it) and banana ketchup was
strange. Too many chilies! I am ok with sorta spicy stuff but it was too much.
It wasn't too bad, but not too good. thanks for the attempt, though. overall,
it was ok but not a favorite. P.S. This sort of food if you go to china 30 yrs
ago they'd be like "what in the world is that stuff?" not real chinese food,
Americanized.

Read More

Helpful (11)

25 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 13 
  * 4 star values: 7 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Stephanie

Rating: 4 stars

07/02/2011

Good recipe. I used orange juice instead of rice wine. And omitted the peppers
because the family doesn't like hot, still delicious

CookingTeacher

Rating: 4 stars

11/06/2011

Yum, I didn't have all the right ingredients, but my substitutes worked well.
I used canola oil for frying. 1 Tbs red wine and extra rice vinegar for the
rice wine, brown sugar for the white, for the banana ketchup (banana processed
like tomato ketchup) 1tsp banana (put through garlic press) and 1 tsp tomato
ketchup, 1 Tbs red pepper flakes instead of dried chillies, 2 tsp orange juice
concentrate for the zest. Does not turn out restaurant quality, but is still
very yummy. A hint, try to fry the chicken while mixing up the other
ingredients, otherwise it takes way longer than the stated "Ready In" time.

ilovecooking!!!

Rating: 3 stars

04/05/2012

It was OK, but I'd rather have the breading on it to really be like restaurant
food. Too much onions (our family doesn't like it) and banana ketchup was
strange. Too many chilies! I am ok with sorta spicy stuff but it was too much.
It wasn't too bad, but not too good. thanks for the attempt, though. overall,
it was ok but not a favorite. P.S. This sort of food if you go to china 30 yrs
ago they'd be like "what in the world is that stuff?" not real chinese food,
Americanized.

kacscookz1

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2011

This was a great recipe! I used chicken breast instead of chicken thigh for a
healthier alternative and the meat was more tender than the restaurant
version. I also added ginger to taste( and smell) to the sauce. My dad, who
loves chinese food( take out), LOVED this.

witchywoman

Rating: 4 stars

02/14/2012

Not too bad! I rather enjoyed this recipe...thanks for submitting it! I did
change up a few veggies to use what I had on hand. But I finally found
something I could use that bottle of banana ketchup I've had rattling around
in my cupboard in...that's pretty awesome in my book.

Julie S.

Rating: 5 stars

06/18/2011

loved it! Very similar to my favorite restaurant. Next time I will remove the
seeds from the chili pepper because mine were too dry & they wouldn't soften
without cutting into smaller pieces.

Emma Crawford

Rating: 5 stars

08/03/2014

This is awesome as written. Thanks!

Amber Adamson Kincheloe

Rating: 5 stars

06/07/2012

Very good! Also tastes great with chicken breast.

Mama's Recipe's

Rating: 2 stars

08/23/2014

While my family did eat it, I was not at all impressed.I made this recipe
right to the letter and it almost wasn't enough for my family of four. It made
a really small amount. Thank goodness I made rice to go with it lol. It tasted
nothing like the many restaurant versions I've had. I'm gonna try the
misspelled General Tsao's II on this site and give this meal another shot.

Kathy Kaltenbach

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2013

Excellent orange flavor just from the zest. Easy to make. Added broccoli and
tomatoes and sweet peppers. Cornstarch batter is fantastic alternative for gf
diet, when wanting Breaded Asian entree.

Eileen O.

Rating: 1 stars

06/15/2015

Tried this recipe as written except that I used crushed red pepper instead of
the red chilis. recipe was good but the orange zest actually ruined the taste.
My family tried it but everyone suggested I leave the orange zest out next
time.

ROSSANA MONTENEGRO

Rating: 5 stars

07/27/2021

Delicious...however I added 1/2 cup orange juice. Awesome!!!

Canver

Rating: 2 stars

09/25/2016

Only two stars if the nutrition facts are correct. Otherwise it is very tasty
and would get more stars. But one serving for 2475 cal and 243 g of fat just
cannot be correct!

Jasmine Beatty

Rating: 5 stars

05/04/2020

Instead of making my own sauce, I bought premade sauce and added a few things
from the original recipe to it like onions and garlic. My boyfriend loved it.
I did try to follow the recipe but I had so much chicken I just added General
Tso to what I had already my mixed

Mark1of4

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2019

I followed the instructions step by step and it was great. "Far" better the
what I am used to at the chinese restaurant. I made again but substituted the
chicken with cauliflower. It tastes great!

Ted C.

Rating: 4 stars

10/06/2018

YES . I enhanced the recipe with my own twist.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Classic General Tso's Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Classic General Tso's Chicken

##  All Reviews for Classic General Tso's Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Classic General Tso's Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 2474.9  

% Daily Value *

protein:  28.7g  57 %

carbohydrates:  52.6g  17 %

dietary fiber:  1.2g  5 %

sugars:  11.1g

fat:  243.7g  375 %

saturated fat:  41.7g  208 %

cholesterol:  161.4mg  54 %

vitamin a iu:  205.5IU  4 %

niacin equivalents:  9.2mg  71 %

vitamin b6:  0.3mg  18 %

vitamin c:  8.8mg  15 %

folate:  26.6mcg  7 %

calcium:  107.9mg  11 %

iron:  5.3mg  30 %

magnesium:  36.5mg  13 %

potassium:  714.5mg  20 %

sodium:  949.2mg  38 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  9 %

calories from fat:  2193

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Classic General Tso's Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 16

Classic General Tso's Chicken

1 of 8 Classic General Tso's Chicken

ROSSANA MONTENEGRO

Classic General Tso's Chicken

2 of 8 Classic General Tso's Chicken

Laurie

Classic General Tso's Chicken

3 of 8 Classic General Tso's Chicken

Nika T

Classic General Tso's Chicken

4 of 8 Classic General Tso's Chicken

Sabrina Showell

Classic General Tso's Chicken

5 of 8 Classic General Tso's Chicken

unique

Classic General Tso's Chicken

6 of 8 Classic General Tso's Chicken

Jennifer Reid

Classic General Tso's Chicken

7 of 8 Classic General Tso's Chicken

Emma Crawford

Classic General Tso's Chicken

8 of 8 Classic General Tso's Chicken

scottchanell

Classic General Tso's Chicken

9 of 8 Classic General Tso's Chicken

witchywoman

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Classic General Tso's Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Classic General Tso's Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

