https://www.whiskaffair.com/best-general-tsos-chicken-recipe/


﻿

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * Meal Type
    * Salads
    * Soups
    * Appetizers
    * Main Course
    * Desserts
  * My Cookbook
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * My Cookbook

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Whisk Affair » Recipes » Meal Type » Main Course » General Tso’s Chicken

Published: Jul 8, 2020 | Last Updated On: Aug 20, 2020 by Neha Mathur

# General Tso’s Chicken

259 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

A delicious Chicken recipe, General Tso’s Chicken has both, sweet and spicy
flavors and is one of the most popular Chinese Takeouts. Make it at home using
my easy recipe.

Here are some more Chicken Recipes, that you can make for your weekend brunch
– Hunan Chicken, Best Indo Chinese Chilli Chicken, Asian Chicken Meatballs,
Chilli Garlic Chicken, and Asian Mango Chicken.

Jump to:

  * About This Recipe
  * Ingredients
  * Step By Step Recipe
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Storage Suggestions 
  * Recipe Card

## About This Recipe

General Tso’s Chicken is one of the most popular dishes when it comes to
American Chinese takeouts. Slightly sweet and a bit spicy with the gist of
garlic and ginger, this one will surely satisfy your taste buds to the T.

And if you are a fan of American Chinese like me, you have to try this one!
You will definitely find this dish in most of the North American Chinese
restaurants and because of its impeccable taste, it’s growing popular all over
the world.

Fried Chicken coated in a sweet-spicy sauce, that will become your instant
favorite once you take a bite. Serve it as a starter or on the side with some
rice, this tastes great both the ways.

This Chicken is very similar to Sesame Chicken, but the sauce in this one is
spicier and has more heat than the sesame one.

Also if you make it at home, it will have half the calories if compared to the
takeout one.

Sometimes, the recipe of Tso’s Chicken get very difficult, as the breading
steps takes too much time, but here we are using a simple combination of all
purpose flour and corn flour to coat the Chicken.

This General Tso’s Chicken is,

  * Spicy
  * Crispy
  * Slightly Sweet
  * Delicious
  * A Popular Chinese Takeout
  * Perfect for your Brunch

## Ingredients

There are 4 stages in the making this delicious General Tso’s Chicken. Here
are the ingredients you will need for each of them:

**Marinade** – First comes the marination! This will help Chicken soak all the
amazing flavors. For this, we will need – Egg White, Soy Sauce, Vodka, Corn
Flour, Rice Vinegar, and Baking Soda.

Vodka helps in making the chicken crispier after frying, try this tick.

We will keep the chicken for marination for about 30 minutes. You can keep it
for longer if you want.

**Coating** – Now once we are done with the marination, we will coat it with
some dry ingredients, so that chicken has a crispy outer layer. For this, we
will need – All Purpose Flour, Corn Flour, Baking Soda, and Salt.

**Sauce** – Now, the Fried Chicken is coated with a spicy-sweet sauce which is
made with the combination of Hoisin Sauce, Rice Vinegar, Dark Soy Sauce, Brown
Sugar, Corn Flour and Chicken Stock.

The hoisin sauce adds a lot of flavour into this dish and is probably one of
my favourite sauces when it comes to Asian cooking. It adds a dept of flavour
and sometimes also known as Asian BBQ Sauce. You will know the difference it
makes once you taste a dish with it.

**Assembling** – Lastly, we will assemble everything! We will add a little
more ingredients while assembling to give it more flavor. For this, we will
need, Sesame Oil, Garlic, Ginger, Red Chillies, Oil, Roasted Peanuts and
Spring Onion Greens.

You can also sprinkle some white roasted sesame seeds, because presentation
matters. Right?

## Step By Step Recipe

Add all the ingredients for the marinade in a bowl and mix nicely.

Add the chicken pieces in the marinade and keep aside for 30 minutes.

Mix all the ingredients for the dry coating in a bowl.

Take out the chicken pieces from the marinade and coat them in the dry
mixture.

Shake them a bit to get rid of the excess dry coating and drop in the hot oil.

Heat oil for frying in a pan.

Fry till golden brown and crisp.

Keep the fried chicken aside.

Combine the ingredients for sauce in a pan and cook for 3-4 minutes till it
slightly thickens and browned. ( Approx 3-4 minutes )

Heat sesame oil in a wok.

Add garlic, ginger and red chilies and cook for a few seconds.

Add the fried chicken and sauce and stir well.

Garnish with green onions and roasted peanuts. Serve hot with steamed rice.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**General Tso’s Chicken Vs Orange Chicken**

Both dishes, General Tso’s Chicken and Orange Chicken are very similar. Both
the recipes use Chicken, which is marinated, coated, deep-fried, and then
added into a sweet sauce.  
  
But there is one difference in both the recipes. While the General Tso’s
Chicken is Chilli based, Orange Chicken is orange based. And therefore, there
is a slight difference in the taste of both the dishes.

**Sesame Chicken vs General Tso’s Chicken**

Sesame Chicken is another popular American Chinese favorite, but it is more
towards salty flavor with a slight hint of sweetness and has a lot of sesame
seeds on top, whereas on the other side General Tso’s Chicken has a sweet
sauce with lot more heat.  
  
And therefore the sauce which is used to coat the Chicken in General Tso is
dark red, whereas the sauce used for Sesame Chicken is brown.

**Can we use Chicken Thighs?**

Yes, you can also use Chicken Thighs instead of Boneless Chicken. Chicken
Thighs are juicy and will absorb the flavors really nicely.

**Can we make it ahead of time?**

I will not suggest you make it ahead of time and keep, as the fried Chicken
Pieces will lose its crispiness with time. If you want the Chicken Pieces to
be crispy, make it fresh while serving.

## Serving Suggestions

It is popularly served along with sautéed Broccoli florets and Carrots. But I
like to serve General Tso’s Chicken with some Steamed Rice for my meals.

You can even serve it as a side dish for your weekend Brunch with some more
Chinese recipes such as Dimsum, Chinese Gravies, Fried Rice, or Noodles.

You can even add it to your Lettuce cups and serve as a starter.

Stuff it inside your Burritos, Wraps, and give it a nice fusion twist.

## Storage Suggestions

General Tso’s Chicken lasts for about 3 to 4 days in the refrigerator, when
stored properly in an airtight container.

If you want to increase the shelve life further, you can freeze the same. Let
it cool down properly, and then freeze it for about a month in sealed airtight
containers or heavy-duty freezer bags.

## Recipe Card

Loved this recipe?Click here to leave a review and give us a five star rating
★★★★★

## General Tso’s Chicken Recipe

A delicious Chicken recipe, General Tso's Chicken has both, sweet and spicy
flavors and is one of the most popular Chinese Takeouts. Make it at home using
my easy recipe.

5 from 2 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: American Chinese

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 30 minutes

Total Time: 40 minutes

Servings: 4 people

Calories: 365kcal

Author: Neha Mathur

### Ingredients

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 500 gram Boneless Chicken (cut into bite size pieces)

#### For the marinade:

  * ▢ 2 Egg White
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Soy Sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Vodka
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Corn Flour
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Rice Vinegar
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Baking Soda

#### For dry coating:

  * ▢ ¼ cup  All Purpose Flour
  * ▢ ¼ cup Corn Flour
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Baking Soda
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Salt

#### For the sauce:

  * ▢ ¼ cup Hoisin Sauce
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Rice Vinegar
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Dark Soy Sauce
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Brown Sugar
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Corn Flour
  * ▢ 1-½ cup Chicken Stock

#### For assembling:

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Sesame Oil
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Garlic (minced)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Ginger (finely chopped)
  * ▢ 3-4 Red Chillies (chopped)
  * ▢ Oil (for frying)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Roasted Peanuts (crushed)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Spring Onion Greens (chopped)

US Customary or Metric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Add all the ingredients for the marination in a bowl and mix nicely.

  * Add the chicken pieces in the marinade and keep aside for 30 minutes.

  * Mix all the ingredients for the dry coating in a bowl.

  * Heat oil for frying in a pan.

  * Take out the chicken pieces from the marinade and coat them in the dry mixture.

  * Shake them a bit to get rid of the excess dry coating and drop in the hot oil.

  * Fry till golden brown and crisp.

  * Keep the fried chicken aside.

  * Combine the ingredients for sauce in a pan and cook for 3-4 minutes till it slightly thickens and browned.( Approximately 3-4 minutes )

  * Heat sesame oil in a wok.

  * Add garlic, ginger and red chilies and cook for a few seconds.

  * Add the fried chicken and sauce and stir well.

  * Garnish with green onions and roasted peanuts.

  * Serve hot with Steamed Rice.

### Notes

Always prep the ingredients beforehand and keep, as this is a fast-moving
recipe.

Just keep in mind to not fry too many pieces of chicken in one pan, as they
might stick to each other. You can add in about 7-8 Chicken Pieces in a
medium-sized frying pan.

If you like it to be spicier, go ahead and add in more red chilies or red
chili flakes.

Serve it immediately, because if you cook it and keep for longer, they will
lose its crispiness and become soft.

You can deep fry it twice, to make them crispier.

### Nutrition

Calories: 365kcal | Carbohydrates: 34g | Protein: 33g | Fat: 9g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Cholesterol: 81mg | Sodium: 1707mg | Potassium: 587mg | Fiber: 1g |
Sugar: 11g | Vitamin A: 52IU | Vitamin C: 2mg | Calcium: 20mg | Iron: 1mg

Pin this recipe for later use!I LOVE to see your creations so pin and mention
@WhiskAffair!

Sign up for regular updates?I would love to have you as part of my journey.
Click to sign up!

« Old Fashioned Pancakes

Khandvi »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Robert Swanner

June 29, 2019 at 1:46 pm

Scrolling through your website. Found many great recipes I am going to try

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

July 05, 2019 at 5:24 pm

Thanks. Do try and leave your feedback 🙂

Reply

  2. Barb C

July 12, 2020 at 7:13 pm

I currently find myself without a stove. What is that hot plate you’re using?
I’m assuming it is a good one, but I’m having a hard time finding one that has
any longevity. I really want to try some of your recipes and need a burner!
Thanks in advance.

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

July 15, 2020 at 5:51 am

Hi Barb, I live in Indian and this is the one locally available here. You can
try out my recipes on any hot place or induction that you have.

Reply

### Did you make this recipe? Let me know! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey! Nice to meet you

Hi! I'm Neha, Blogger & Recipe Expert behind Whisk Affair. I've nurtured Whisk
Affair since 2012 by trying & testing every recipe published. Be sure that it
will turn out good each time! Read More about me…

### Stay Connected

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### My Cookbook

**Buy Now on Amazon**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Hibachi Fried Rice

  * Lemon Garlic Baked Tilapia

  * Creamy Garlic Parmesan Sauce

  * Lemon Tea

  * Chicken Clear Soup

  * Scrambled Egg Whites

## Footer

* * *

^ back to top

**About**

About Neha

My Cookbook

**Stay Connected**

Sign up! for emails and updates

Contact Me

**Policies**

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Accessibility Policy

Copyright © 2022 **WhiskAffair Food LLP**

