https://christieathome.com/blog/general-tso-chicken/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Asian Recipes
    * By Region
      * Chinese
      * Filipino
      * Indonesian
      * Japanese
      * Korean
      * Malaysian
      * Singaporean
      * Taiwanese
      * Thai
      * Vietnamese
    * By Course
      * Mains
      * Breakfast
      * Dessert
      * Appetizers/Sides
      * Beverages
      * Snacks
  * Shop
  * Subscribe
  * ABOUT
    * Work with Me
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Asian Recipes
  * Shop
  * About
  * Newsletter Subscription
  * Work with Me

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Air Fryer » General Tso Chicken

# General Tso Chicken

Last Modified: February 10, 2022 \- Published by: christieathome \- Comments:
24 Comments

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video Print Recipe

General Tso Chicken. Crispy chicken smothered in a sweet, tangy, glossy sauce
with a spicy kick! It serves deliciously for dinner, lunch or leftovers. Ready
in just 25 minutes! This general tso chicken from scratch is easy to make at
home.

This is a popular Chinese dish served at many take away style restaurants. It
was first invented by a chef named Peng Chang-kuei. He created the dish in the
1950's. This delicious dish originates from China.

## What does General Tso Chicken taste like?

Imagine crispy fried chicken bites covered in a thick glossy sauce that tastes
sweet, salty, spicy and tangy all at the same time! There are also notes of
sesame and ginger that enhance the flavour profile of this dish.

## Easy to make!

My recipe is simple to make at home and can be made in under 25 minutes! All
the ingredients are accessible, and I share substitutes where possible and
applicable. I’m going to show you how to make General Tso Chicken with step-
by-step pictures and a video to quickly explain the process.

You’re simply coating your cubed chicken thighs in cornstarch. Then frying it
in shallow oil and removing it after it becomes brown and crispy. Into the
same wok, you’ll add your ginger, pre-mixed sauce and let it bubble away until
thick. Toss back in that fried chicken giving it a mix, garnishing with green
onion and sesame seeds, both optional. That’s it! Super simple.

This will be the best ever general tso chicken recipe made at home and I’m
very excited to share it with you!

## No deep frying!

There is no deep frying in this recipe! We are simply shallow frying this
chicken in vegetable oil. You can of course use your air fryer and I will
share instructions on how to do that in the below recipe card.

## No batter just cornstarch!

You heard me, no messy batter! Just cornstarch to flour the cubed chicken.
This is enough to create a crispy golden chicken if you follow my instructions
properly.

## Ingredients

For this recipe you’ll need the following general tso chicken ingredients (see
recipe card for full measurements):

  * boneless skinless chicken thighs, diced
  * cornstarch
  * ginger, peeled
  * green onion, finely chopped
  * vegetable oil, or avocado oil
  * sesame seeds, optional garnish

**General Tso Sauce:**

  * hoisin sauce
  * soy sauce
  * brown sugar
  * rice vinegar, or white vinegar
  * garlic, minced
  * sesame oil
  * red pepper flakes or red chili flakes
  * cornstarch
  * water

## How to make General Tso Chicken

In a bowl, combine sauce ingredients and set aside.

Cut each thigh into bite size pieces, about 6-8 pieces per thigh depending on
size. Do not pat chicken thighs dry, some moisture is needed for the next
step. If you plan to air fry your chicken, see below on how to do that.

In a bowl, add chicken pieces followed by cornstarch. Mix to coat each piece
evenly.

In a wok or pan, set over medium high heat, add vegetable oil. Allow this to
get hot. To test, insert a wooden chopstick into the oil and look for bubbles.
If you see bubbles, the oil is hot

Carefully lower coated chicken into oil and quickly spread apart. Once chicken
is spread apart, do not touch or move the pieces around. Allow pieces to sear
and form a golden crust, about 5-6 minutes on each side.

Remove and transfer fried chicken to a plate or cooling rack. Pour out any
excess oil from pan.

In the same wok set over medium high heat, add your ginger followed by pre-
mixed sauce. Let it come to a boil to thicken and reduce.

Then finally toss in your fried chicken and mix until each piece is coated in
sauce. Optionally, garnish with green onions and sesame seeds. Enjoy!

### How do I make air fryer general tso chicken?

You can make this chicken in the air fryer. Please refer to the recipe card
below under Notes to find out how or read below:

Instead of pouring the cornstarch right over the cubed chicken (as instructed
above), place the cornstarch on a plate and dredge each piece of chicken into
the starch. Feel free to add more starch if needed.  This creates a more even
coating.

Then transfer the coated chicken into your air fryer basket in a single layer,
giving each piece enough space. You may need to air fry in two batches
depending on the size of your air fryer.

Spray enough oil over chicken. Air fry at 400 degrees F for 12-14 minutes
until crispy and brown, no flipping required.

Meanwhile, in a wok set over medium heat, add 1 tsp oil and your ginger
slices.

Next pour in your pre-mixed sauce and let it come to a boil until it is thick
and glossy.

Then add your air-fried chicken into the sauce to mix. Garnish with green
onions and sesame seeds.

## Cooking Tips for the best General Tso Chicken Recipe

### Prepare ingredients ahead of time

This is important. The cooking process is quick (about 15 minutes) so you
don’t want to be scrambling as the chicken is frying in the pan or it can lead
to overcooked chicken.

### Use a pan that can withstand medium high heat

Medium high heat is the key to getting the chicken crispy and golden. So,
avoid any pans that can’t.

### Spread chicken apart after tossing into pan

Once you’ve tossed your chicken into the pan, quickly spread it apart so it
doesn’t stick together as it fries making it harder to flip.

### Don’t be tempted to move chicken constantly

After you’ve spread the chicken apart, do not move it around constantly. Let
it sear and form a crispy crust on both sides. The more you move it around,
the chicken will lose its crust.

### Crisp level

For best crispiness, 5-6 minutes on each side is optimal.

## FAQ

Below are frequently asked questions about this authentic general tso chicken
recipe:

### Is General Tso Chicken spicy?

Yes, but you can definitely make this mild by omitting the red pepper flakes
or reducing the amount to half.

### What’s in General Tso Chicken?

It is made of chicken coated in a flouring agent or batter, then fried in a
sauce. The sauce is made of hoisin sauce, soy sauce, brown sugar, rice
vinegar, garlic, sesame oil, red pepper flakes, cornstarch and water. The dish
is accentuated with green onion, ginger and sesame seeds (optional).

### Where can I buy hoisin sauce?

Hoisin sauce is found at most Asian grocers in the sauce aisle and at many
Western grocers. It’s also sold online.

### Can I sub hoisin sauce with another ingredient?

I wouldn’t recommend it as there aren’t many great substitutes that really
mimic the taste and texture of it. You can make it from scratch by following
this recipe by Omnivore’s Cookbook!

### Can I sub rice vinegar with white vinegar?

Yes.

### Can I use chicken breast instead?

Yes, but be cautious in overcooking this as chicken breast is not as forgiving
as thigh since it does not have much fat. I would recommend only cooking it
until it reaches in internal temperature of 165 F using to a cooking
thermometer.

### Why isn’t my chicken crispy?

These are some factors why your chicken couldn’t get crispy:

  * The cornstarch didn’t stick to your chicken because the chicken was abnormally dry to the touch. For future, rinse the chicken and let moisture drip off completely, then dice it.
  * Chicken pieces did not have time to sear and form a crust.
  * Too much movement and tossing of the chicken pieces.
  * Low of a heat was used
  * Chicken did not have enough time to cook to develop a crust.

## Other recipes you may like!

If you enjoyed this crunchy general tso chicken, you may enjoy these other
recipes:

AIR FRYER KOREAN FRIED CHICKEN  
KARAAGE (JAPANESE FRIED CHICKEN)  
ORANGE CHICKEN  
SWEET STICKY KOREAN CHICKEN  
AIR FRYER CHICKEN KATSU  
AIR FRYER TONKATSU SAUCE CHICKEN  
SWEET SPICY GOCHUJANG CHICKEN  
MONGOLIAN CHICKEN

### Try it!

Well, I hope you give my General Tso Chicken a try! It always excites me when
you make my recipes and I hope this is one you try.

Thanks for visiting my blog! If you enjoyed my easy general tso chicken,
please share it with your family and friends or on social media! ****

Take a picture if you've made my general tso chicken recipe and tag me on
social media @ChristieAtHome in your feed or stories so I can share your
creation in my stories with credits to you!

#### **M** ade this recipe and loved it?

**If you could leave a star rating** **for my general chicken tso recipe,**
**I would appreciate it** **🙂** **Thanks so much!**

Take care,  
Christie

_*This post for my quick general tso chicken contains affiliate links. As an
Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. I also earn from
qualifying purchases through additional affiliate programs_

## General Tso Chicken (Easy!)

christieathome

General Tso Chicken. Crispy chicken smothered in a sweet, tangy, glossy sauce
with a spicy kick! This general tso chicken from scratch is easy to make at
home. It serves deliciously for dinner, lunch or leftovers. Ready in just 25
minutes! I also share air-fryer instructions below in the Notes below.

4.93 from 13 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 25 mins

Course dinner, lunch

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 2

Calories 747 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 1 lb boneless skinless chicken thighs diced
  * ¼ cup cornstarch
  * 5 slices ginger peeled
  * ½ stalk green onion finely chopped
  * ⅓ cup vegetable oil
  * ¼ tsp sesame seeds optional garnish

#### General Tso Sauce:

  * 4 tbsp hoisin sauce (to make your own, please refer to above FAQ section)
  * 2 tbsp regular soy sauce (not light or dark!)
  * 2 tbsp brown sugar
  * 1 tbsp rice vinegar or white vinegar
  * 2 tsp garlic minced
  * 2 tsp sesame oil
  * ½ tsp red pepper flakes (or red chili flakes)
  * 1 tbsp cornstarch
  * ½ cup water

### Instructions



  * In a bowl, combine sauce ingredients and set aside.

  * Cut each thigh into bite size pieces, about 6-8 pieces per thigh depending on size. Do not pat chicken thighs dry, some moisture is needed for the next step. If you plan to air fry your chicken, please refer to Notes now.

  * In a bowl, add chicken pieces followed by cornstarch. Mix to coat each piece evenly.

  * In a wok or pan, set over medium high heat, add vegetable oil. Allow this to get hot. To test, insert a wooden chopstick into the oil and look for bubbles. If you see bubbles, the oil is hot

  * Carefully lower coated chicken into oil and quickly spread apart. Once chicken is spread apart, do not touch or move the pieces around. Allow pieces to sear and form a golden crust, about 5-6 minutes on each side.

  * Remove and transfer fried chicken to a plate or cooling rack. Pour out any excess oil from pan.

  * In the same wok set over medium high heat, add your ginger followed by pre-mixed sauce. Let it come to a boil to thicken and reduce.

  * Then finally toss in your fried chicken and mix until each piece is coated in sauce. Optionally, garnish with green onions and sesame seeds. Enjoy!

NOTES

_**How to Air Fry General Tso Chicken:**_

Follow steps 1-2 as above.

3\. Instead of pouring the cornstarch right over the cubed chicken (as
instructed above), place the cornstarch on a plate and dredge each piece of
chicken into the starch. Feel free to add more starch if needed. This creates
a more even coating.

4\. Then transfer the coated chicken into your air fryer basket in a single
layer, giving each piece enough space. You may need to air fry in two batches
depending on the size of your air fryer.

5\. Spray enough oil over chicken. Air fry at 400 degrees F for 12-14 minutes
until crispy and brown, no flipping required.

6\. Meanwhile, in a wok set over medium heat, add 1 tsp oil and your ginger
slices.

7\. Next pour in your pre-mixed sauce and let it come to a boil until it is
thick and glossy.

8\. Then add your air-fried chicken into the sauce to mix. Garnish with green
onions and sesame seeds.

Enjoyed my recipe?Please leave a 5 star review (be kind)! Tag me on social
media @christieathome as I'd love to see your creations!

###

Suggested Equipment & Products

Wok

Measuring Set

glass measuring cup

Cutting Board

Mixing bowl

Keyword a recipe for general tso's chicken, air fryer general tso chicken,
authentic general tso chicken recipe, best ever general tso chicken recipe,
crunchy general tso chicken, easy general tso chicken, general chicken tso
recipe, general tso chicken ingredients, general tso chicken recipe, general
tso chicken taste like, general tso sauce, how to make general tso chicken, is
general tso chicken spicy, the best general tso chicken recipe, whats in
general tso chicken

###### Nutrition

Calories: 747kcal | Carbohydrates: 48g | Protein: 40g | Fat: 43g | Saturated
Fat: 11g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 10g | Monounsaturated Fat: 18g | Trans Fat: 1g
| Cholesterol: 223mg | Sodium: 1707mg | Potassium: 600mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar:
21g | Vitamin A: 209IU | Vitamin C: 2mg | Calcium: 55mg | Iron: 3mg

« Air Fryer Korean Fried Chicken

Teriyaki Chicken »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Ryder

February 10, 2022 at 3:46 pm

  
This was really tasty just like takeout but now even better because I can make
it from home. Thank you!

Reply

    * christieathome

February 14, 2022 at 4:24 pm

Thank you so much Ryder! Glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

  2. Garry

February 12, 2022 at 11:15 am

  
This recipe is amazing, I'm so glad I found you and I cant wait to try some of
your other recipes.. 🙂

Reply

    * christieathome

February 14, 2022 at 4:25 pm

Thank you Garry! I am so glad you enjoyed it and I hope you enjoy my other
recipes too!

Reply

  3. Stephanie

February 15, 2022 at 1:57 am

  
This recipe was soo yummy!! I made it for the first time tonight and my
boyfriend loved it! It’s such an easy recipe, especially for a busy week
night. I added in some lightly steamed broccoli for some greens! Thank you
Christie!

Reply

    * christieathome

February 15, 2022 at 3:41 pm

I am so glad you enjoyed it Stephanie! Thank you so much for making my recipe
🙂

Reply

  4. Sheena M

February 16, 2022 at 11:40 am

  
This recipe was delicious. I doubled the sauce, as I doubled the chicken.
Definitely perfect instructions. I look forward to making the Hoisin sauce
next time as I never would have thought to make it! This will definitely be a
monthly repeat in our household. We served this with broccoli and cauliflower
rice.

Reply

    * christieathome

February 16, 2022 at 1:53 pm

Thank you so much for this kind review Sheena! I am really happy to hear that
you enjoyed it 🙂 This is music to my ears. Have a wonderful day!

Reply

      * Sheena M.

March 01, 2022 at 3:26 pm

  
I can confirm, the make your own hoisin is fantastic too. Thanks for a great
recipe. I look forward looking over your website!  
Cheers.

Reply

      * Shaneika

March 07, 2022 at 1:48 pm

  
Made this over the weekend and it came out good. Maybe will use a little less
hoisin sauce next time (I had added a little extra of all the sauce
ingredients).

Reply

  5. Christiane

February 28, 2022 at 12:52 pm

  
I just made it, I followed the recipe. It’s so yummy over Jasmin rice!
Definitely making it again, thank you Christie ❤️

Reply

    * christieathome

February 28, 2022 at 4:01 pm

The pleasure is all mine Christiane! I am so glad you enjoyed my recipe and
thank you for making it 🙂 Have a lovely day! - Christie

Reply

  6. Patty

March 07, 2022 at 11:29 am

  
I made this for my father yesterday for his birthday dinner(86 years young) he
loves General Tso's chicken. He likes is spicy. So in addition to the red
pepper flakes I added serrano peppers sliced thin(market did not have red
peppers) to the sauce. Both my brother and father said it was better than the
carry out. Than you soo much for recipe. Can this be made with shrimp and how
long would you cook the the shrimp and would you do shrimp the same way?

Reply

    * christieathome

March 08, 2022 at 1:36 pm

What an honour that you had made this for your father for his birthday! I am
very flattered that your brother and father said it was better than take out.
Thank you so much for making my dish for such a special occasion! Yes, this
can be also done with shrimp in a similar fashion, I would only cook the
shrimp until they have become pink and curled, then quickly remove them so
they do not overcook. Once you've reduced your sauce, mix in the fried shrimp
just until the sauce has coated each piece, only to prevent overcooking. I
hope this helps!

Reply

  7. Edward

April 06, 2022 at 4:39 pm

  
Great recipe made if for my family and they all loved it. In future however I
will grate the ginger and add it to the sauce so that it covers everything.
Then I served it will some rice and vegetables and was an absolute hit!

Reply

    * christieathome

April 06, 2022 at 5:03 pm

Thanks Edward for making my recipe! I'm so glad you enjoyed it with the family
and happy it was a hit!

Reply

  8. Jeremy

June 02, 2022 at 2:23 am

  
My Taiwanese wife really enjoyed this recipe. She even ate the leftovers the
following day. Many thanks!

Reply

    * christieathome

June 03, 2022 at 12:55 pm

Thanks for making my recipe Jeremy! So glad you and your wife enjoyed it 🙂

Reply

  9. Jessica

June 07, 2022 at 11:40 pm

  
My first recipe of yours and woah. I’m not a skilled cook by any means but
trying to get more creative for my fam. My husband proclaimed I’m “the
G.O.A.T” after this one and he rarely hands out compliments. Seriously so
delish!  
I served with baby bok choy and some rice, they’re already asking me to
repeat. Xo

Reply

    * christieathome

June 08, 2022 at 2:01 pm

I'm really happy to read this Jessica! Thanks for making my recipe. What a
kind comment from your husband and I hope you continue to enjoy my recipes 🙂

Reply

  10. Tracy S.

June 30, 2022 at 4:31 am

  
Girl, YES! 10/10. The sauce was perfect. Wouldn’t change a thing. It was so
quick & easy to make. I’ll be posting your recipe to my TikTok (@traystewie)
tomorrow! Thank you for a fantastic recipe!

Reply

    * christieathome

June 30, 2022 at 9:44 pm

Thanks so much for the kind review Tracey! So glad you enjoyed it and thank
you for sharing about my recipe on social media. Have a lovely day!

Reply

  11. Tiffany

July 30, 2022 at 12:30 pm

  
perfect recipe - thank you!!

Reply

    * christieathome

August 03, 2022 at 12:23 pm

Thanks so much Tiffany! So glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

### Enjoyed my recipe? Leave a rated review! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**Hello! My name is Christie.** I enjoy sharing Asian recipes from around the
world. So that you can make them from the comfort of your own home. In my
spare time, I enjoy spending it with my wonderful husband and two pups.

More about me →

## Footer

### Follow Me

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

## Footer

↑ back to top

### Home

  * Home
  * Asian Recipes
  * Shop
  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up!

### Contact

  * About
  * Work with Me

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2021 **Christie at Home**

