https://www.scmp.com/cooking/recipe/easy-singapore-noodles/article/3093491


##### SCMP Cooking

Easy Singapore noodles

A member of the SCMP family

Directions

0

/0

Filter

* * *

View Result

  1. Home 

  2. The Chef's way 

Video series with Hong Kong's top chefs

  3. Cooking Tips 

Learn the basic techniques from the best

  4. My Bookmarks 

Find us on

Singaporean/Malaysian

#  Easy Singapore noodles

Easy

45

mins

2-3

people

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * WhatsApp
  * Messenger
  * Email
  * 

* * *

Susan says

I donât know how curry-flavoured rice noodles came to be called Singapore
noodles. Itâs not a dish that originated there, and curry powder â the
main flavouring â isnât something you would not normally associate with
the Lion City.

But Singapore noodles can be delicious. They are quite economical to make,
too, which makes them a popular offering on the menus of inexpensive Chinese
restaurants â the dish isÂ mostly noodles with some vegetables and a few
pieces of char siu and shrimp.

Some versions can be overwhelmed with curry powder, which, because of the
ground turmeric, gives the noodles a bright yellow colour. This version has a
lighter touch with the curry powder (although you can add more, if you like)
and is slightly spicy because it has chilli flakes (again, you can add more if
you like).

In Hong Kong, fresh shrimp â swimming in tanks â are sold in neighbourhood
wet markets and even some grocery stores, but if itâs easier for you, buy
fresh or frozen peeled shrimp. If you can find only larger shrimp (with bodies
of 5cm/2 in or more), slice them in half.

I use the Koon Yick Wah Kee brand of curry powder, which is made in Hong Kong,
but use whatever type you like.

Â

Ingredients

200g (7oz)

rice vermicelli

1

medium-sized onion, peeled

1

medium-sized red bell pepper

1

medium-sized carrot

16

mangetout (snow peas)

2

spring onions

200g (7oz)

char siu (barbecued pork)

24

fresh shrimp, with body size 3cm-4cm (1Â¼ to 1Â½in)

45ml (3tbsp)

fish sauce

1Â½tsp

curry powder

Â½tsp

chilli flakes (I use Korean gochugaru)

2tsp

granulated sugar

fine sea salt

2

eggs

cooking oil, as necessary

Directions

Put the rice vermicelli in a wide bowl, add warm water to cover and leave to
soak for about 30 minutes, or until pliable.

1/10

While the noodles are soaking, prepare the other ingredients. Halve the onion,
then slice it about 3mm (â in) thick. Remove and discard the seeds and stem
from the bell pepper, then cut it into thin strips about 4cm (1Â½in) long.
Finely julienne the carrot. Remove and discard the tough strings from the
mangetout (snow peas), then cut them on the diagonal into pieces about 1cm
(7/16in) wide. Mince the spring onions.

2/10

Cut the char siu into matchstick pieces. If using fresh shrimp, remove the
heads, shells and tails. With all types of shrimp, cut a slit down the back
and remove the vein.

3/10

In a small bowl, stir together the fish sauce, curry powder, chilli flakes,
sugar, half a teaspoon of salt and 15ml of warm water.

4/10

Whisk the eggs with a pinch of salt in a bowl. Lightly oil a skillet about
20cm (8in) in diameter and place it over a medium flame. When the pan is hot,
pour in half the egg. Swirl the pan so the egg is in a thin layer, then let it
cook undisturbed until the surface is set. Slide or lift the egg out of the
pan onto a flat work surface, then cook the remaining egg the same way. Stack
the egg crepes and roll them into a cylinder, then cut into 5mm (Â¼in) strips.

5/10

Heat a wok over a high flame. Pour about 15ml (1tbsp) of oil into the wok,
then swirl it so it is coated. Add the onion and cook for about a minute, or
until it starts to wilt, then add the bell pepper. Stir-fry for another
minute, then add the carrot and mangetout. Sprinkle with salt, then stir-fry
until the vegetables are crisp-tender. Transfer the vegetables to a bowl or
plate.

6/10

Put the wok (no need to wash it) over a high flame and add 15ml (1tbsp) of
oil. When the oil is hot, add the char siu and shrimp and stir-fry for about
30 seconds.

7/10

Drain the rice noodles in a colander and shake off the excess moisture before
adding them to the wok. Drizzle in the fish sauce mixture. Use chopsticks and
a wok spatula to lift and stir the ingredients to mix them so the noodles are
lightly but evenly coated with the seasonings and the shrimp and char siu are
evenly distributed. Taste the noodles to check if they are tender and
sufficiently seasoned. If necessary, mix in more seasonings. If the noodles
are too firm, drizzle about 30ml (2tbsp) of water into the wok, turn the flame
to medium, cover with the lid and cook for about a minute or until the noodles
are tender, mixing occasionally.

8/10

Add the vegetables, egg and spring onion and mix well.

9/10

Transfer the ingredients to a dish and serve.

10/10

Singaporean/Malaysian  Dinner  Noodles  Dairy-Free  Gluten-Free  Peanut-Free
Easy

Diet definitions

* * *

Liking this recipe?

Now you can save the recipe you into your own collection.

Sign up to our newsletter

Fresh recipes straight to your inbox. A curated collection of Asian dishes to
make at home.

Thanks, you're on the list!

Error, please try again later.

Please enter a valid email address.

By registering, you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy.

Find us on facebook

Join our community and get the latest recipes from all over Asia for you to
make at home.

##### SCMP

### SCMP Cooking

Find us on

* * *

About UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy

Â© 2022 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd.Â All rights reserved.

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * WhatsApp
  * Messenger
  * Email
  * 

#####  Welcome to SCMP Cooking

* * *

We'll be showing you a whole range of Asian dishes for you to cook at home.
We're starting small but are thinking (and planning) big - we'll be adding
recipes to the site every week, and will expand to include international
dishes, cooking videos, interviews with famous chefs and much more. Be sure to
sign up to receive our weekly newsletter!

Thanks, you're on the list!

Error, please try again later.

Please enter a valid email address.

By registering, you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy.

