https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26294/singapore-noodles/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Meat and Poultry
  4. Pork
  5. Singapore Noodles

# Singapore Noodles

Rating: 4 stars 4.1

135 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 63 
  * 4 star values: 46 
  * 3 star values: 16 
  * 2 star values: 8 
  * 1 star values: 2 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 135 Ratings 
  * 104 Reviews 
  * 16 Photos 

Here is a slightly spicy curry dish of Singapore angel hair noodles with a
medley of veggies, shrimp, chicken, and pork. It's an Asian way to clear out
the fridge. Serve noodles with hot pepper sauce and soy sauce as condiments.

Recipe by Iron Chef Suzi-Q

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Singapore Noodles

Add Photo

Singapore Noodles wallyton

Singapore Noodles Hannah Mansfield

Singapore Noodles Fama Toure

Singapore Noodles Dee Ann Palacios

\+ 12 12 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

15 mins

total:

30 mins

Servings:

8

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

8

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 8 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 pound dry vermicelli pasta 
  * 2 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into strips 
  * 2 butterfly pork chops, thinly sliced 
  * 2 cloves garlic, crushed 
  * 3 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * ½ onion, thinly sliced 
  * 2 carrots, thinly sliced 
  * 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced 
  * ½ (12 ounce) package frozen shrimp, thawed 
  * 1 cup bean sprouts 
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 3 tablespoons yellow curry powder 
  * ¼ cup water 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook until
al dente, 8 to 10 minutes; drain.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat oil in a deep skillet or fry pan over medium-high heat. Add chicken,
pork, and garlic; cook until browned.

  * Step 3

Reduce heat to medium-low. Add onion, carrots, and water; cover and steam for
5 minutes. Stir in celery and shrimp; cover and steam for 2 minutes.

  * Step 4

Mix in bean sprouts, soy sauce, and curry powder; stir together until blended
and hot, 4 to 5 minutes.

  * Step 5

Add noodles to the skillet; toss well.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

351 calories; protein 24.2g; carbohydrates 46.2g; fat 8.2g; cholesterol
64.4mg; sodium 309.9mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (104)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

jeffjimmy2448

Rating: 4 stars

04/15/2007

Great base recipe. I tried this today and made the following changes after
reading the other reviews. I used chickenbroth instead of just water, 2 tbsp.
low sodium soy sauce, 2 tbsp. fishsauce, 1 tbsp. sesame oil, and 2 tbsp. curry
powder. I also only used chicken and shrimp, instead of all the different
meats, and an 8oz pack of noodles. This tasted almost better than would we get
at the restaurant. However, next time I will double the spices, sauces, and
broth. For people that think something is missing, add the fishsauce and
sesame oil.

Read More

Helpful (183)

### Most helpful critical review

Bcakes

Rating: 3 stars

06/09/2009

I gave this recipe only a three because I had to make adjustments. But it`s a
good base recipe. To start, don't use pasta. that's just wrong. I used
vermicelli noodles from the Asian market. I reduced the curry powder to 1tbs
and it was plenty. I added a it of ginger powder (I didn't have fresh). I used
cayenne pepper for spicy. I used only shrimp, red pepper, onion, and an
oriental mix of frozen veggies. I also added fish sauce (about a tbs), sesame
oil (1 tbs), and sugar (2tbs). This turned out pretty good. It could have used
some minced pork and also some scrambled eggs. With the changes, my picky
fiance told me this was good.

Read More

Helpful (2)

135 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 63 
  * 4 star values: 46 
  * 3 star values: 16 
  * 2 star values: 8 
  * 1 star values: 2 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

jeffjimmy2448

Rating: 4 stars

04/15/2007

Great base recipe. I tried this today and made the following changes after
reading the other reviews. I used chickenbroth instead of just water, 2 tbsp.
low sodium soy sauce, 2 tbsp. fishsauce, 1 tbsp. sesame oil, and 2 tbsp. curry
powder. I also only used chicken and shrimp, instead of all the different
meats, and an 8oz pack of noodles. This tasted almost better than would we get
at the restaurant. However, next time I will double the spices, sauces, and
broth. For people that think something is missing, add the fishsauce and
sesame oil.

outRIAAge

Rating: 5 stars

11/09/2007

This is the goods: one of the most addictive dishes on the planet. Take the
man at his word and use it to clear out the fridge: about the only essential
distinct ingredients are the shrimp, bean sprouts and the spices, but you can
vary the meats and other veggies freely. It's so easy to overcook shrimp that
I just bury them in the hot noodles a couple of minutes before tossing
everything together. Also, when using frozen shrimp, I use the plumping
technique suggested by Molly O'Neil: defrost them in the fridge for 24 hours,
then brine them for an hour in a sugar/salt solution. I suggest only one major
variation: I picked the brain of my local Singapore chef, and found that he
uses equal quantities of curry and chili powders.

Dianemwj

Rating: 4 stars

05/09/2007

I followed the advise of another reviewer and added fish sauce and sesame oil.
I substituted chicken broth for the water, and added more of it. First I
browned the pork and chicken separately, and removed the meat from the pan.
Then I browned the curry powder and some red chile flakes in the remaining oil
before adding the vegetables and broth. I parboiled the carrots. I added some
bok choy with the bean sprouts, and put the shrimp in at the end and returned
the meat to the pan just before adding the noodles. This came out beautifully.
My husband and I both loved it and I'm having the leftovers for breakfast.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

04/17/2001

As I am a Singaporean, I, of course, love this tasty dish of noodles because
this is a local dish. Thanks, Iron Chef-SuziQ!

EAKE

Rating: 5 stars

05/16/2009

This dish turned out better than our local Chinese Restaurant's! I followed
the suggestions of other reviewers and used chicken stock instead of water,
used part sesame oil and added some chili flakes for a bite. I doubled the
recipe, had 10 people to feed, and there were NO leftovers! Everyone LOVED it!
Thanks for a great recipe!

Sergeant Pepper

Rating: 5 stars

10/23/2005

I used rice stick noodles. Also, I used a left over pork chop and some shrimp
from the freezer. At the end, I heated some oil in my wok, added two scrambled
eggs, and before they cooked completely added the noodles, then the rest. It
was very, very nearly as good as what I spend $12 an order on at a very good
local Chinese restaurant! On my first try.

ladyhogwild

Rating: 5 stars

02/27/2008

Thank you for this wonderful recipe! This is our favorite dish at a local
resaurant, we used to go out of our way to go there! Now that i have found
your recipe, I make it once a week! I have made this with various ingredients
as well, depending on what is left over in the fridge. As long as you keep the
base the same, a number of meats and vegetables can be added depending on your
preferences. Thanks again, I no longer have to pay $10.95 for 2 small
servings. I make enough now to be a side dish for the next evenings meal.

Candace Boyd

Rating: 4 stars

02/28/2007

Great recipe. I added more water and soy sauce, along with snow peas and
scallions.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

04/05/2002

Thanks chef Iron Chef-SuziQ for this delicious dish! The more I eat it, the
more I'm addicted to it!

SunnyByrd

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2008

I love this. The flavor reminds me of a sai foon dish at my favorite chinese
restaurant. I followed the recipe directions, except for using spaghettini
instead vermicelli, adding mushrooms & red pepper flakes, and using green
onion instead of regular. Served with hot garlic chili sauce & soy. Big hit!
Thank you!

VeggieChefLaura

Rating: 4 stars

11/09/2008

i made this vegetarian and added a few more veggies and also added a oyster
sauce and sesame seeds on top

polanna

Rating: 5 stars

04/09/2010

This is delicious. I did make some recipe changes, since I did not have all
the ingredients at home. I made only with shrimp (vegetarian), skipped bean
sprouts and celery, and added a bell pepper. As recommended by other
reviewers, I added fish sauce and a dash of turmeric which gave it a lot of
flavor. I will definitely be making this again very soon!

arnandlor

Rating: 5 stars

11/10/2010

Excellent - quick and yummy I added 1 tbsp fish sauce and 1/2 red pepper.
Didn't have bean sprouts (sad) but still fabulous! Thank you for my new quick
meal night meal...

Christina

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2009

Very tasty! Left out the pork, figured chicken and shrimp would be enough.
Added snow peas and mushrooms and left out the celery. Can't stand the stuff.
This was very yummy. Kinda bummed I couldn't find vermicelli noodles, which I
love. Used spaghetti instead.

MacQueenie

Rating: 5 stars

01/14/2011

I love this recipe. The first time that I cook from a recipe, I cook it
exactly as written; otherwise, I don't review the recipe. Key to the recipe is
using a good yellow curry. I now make changes according to what I want to use
from my pantry or fridge. And I prefer to use a little less curry (2 TBSP
instead of 3). This the perfect recipe if this is your first try as Singapore
noodles. Then tweak it to suit your taste.

Bud W

Rating: 5 stars

01/11/2010

First time I made it the noodle broke to bits. I used the next size up and
that worked much better. Good Dish.

Casey M

Rating: 4 stars

07/10/2008

Didn't have any pork...didn't need it. I used a little less Curry than called
for and found it would have tolerated the full amount if using a pound of
pasta. Curry is one of the "Good for you" dietary substances we should look
for if wanting to fight inflammation in the body (which can be responsible for
arthritis, coronary artery disease, and other bad conditions). I'm always
happy to add other vegetables I have around and extra garlic to everything. I
WILL fix this again in one variation or another fer sure!!!

nancymcla

Rating: 5 stars

08/16/2011

Love this recipe- few changes, I used rice noodles, added chicken broth,
sesame oil, red pepper flacks and fish sauce. Cooked the meat and removed-
added the curry, fish sauce and soy while cooking the vegetable- then mixed
all together. The leftovers are even better!

ROSELAMPHERE

Rating: 5 stars

06/01/2010

This what exactly what I was looking for! I did replace with rice vermicelli
noodles. The beauty of this recipe is that you can adjust based on what is on
hand and the degree of spicyness desired

AnneO

Rating: 5 stars

09/02/2011

I also used low sodium chicken broth and varied the meats...used squid instead
of shrimp. I lightened up on the curry a bit and used rice noodles to keep it
gluten free as well as more authentic.

missdrea

Rating: 5 stars

09/16/2008

i had 2 leftover poached chix breasts and some frozen shrimp so decided to
make this w/ out the pork(didnt have any). i heated some sesame oil in a
skillet and sauted the garlic and all the veggies except the sprouts until
crisp tender. then i added the thawed shrimp, water, soy sauce, curry powder,
green onions, and bean sprouts. then i added the chix(just shredded it w/ my
fingers)and the cooked noodles. i didnt have a cover for my skillet so i lost
some moisture add had to keep adding water here and there, which was fine. i
did add a ton of crushed red pepper and some fresh ginger because i was
worried it wouldnt be spicy enough. i will make it again but it was too spicy
w/ my addition of red pepper so i will leave it out next time.thank you for
the great recipe(much less greasy than take-out)

jb78

Rating: 4 stars

10/21/2007

I used for the sauce: 1 tbsp soya sauce 1 tbsp & 1 1/2 tsp of curry 2 tbsp
brown sugar 2 oxo pkg chicken Mix together, then pour over noodles and other
ingredients in skillet. Heat & serve. Yummy.

jcschlan

Rating: 4 stars

12/16/2011

I made a half batch and used pork and shrimp only. Thought it was a bit dry at
first taste, so added butter and milk. Not bad! Next time will try some of the
variations suggested by other users especially broth and fish sauce.

Markham Chris

Rating: 4 stars

10/20/2011

Simple and delicious

tlove

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2009

i did it! looked, smelled, and tasted just like my local Chinese delivery, but
customized for my tastes :) i'm a vegetarian, so i left out the meat and the
fish sauce suggested by some others, didn't use onions or celery cause i just
don't like them, and i used broccoli, carrots, and snow peas, sautéed in
sesame oil...i was very liberal with the soy sauce and curry powder, and i
added some crushed red pepper for an extra kick...this recipe is a keeper!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

08/15/2003

great recipe but the funny thing is that in singapore, there's no such thing
as singapore noodles :)

nikki

Rating: 5 stars

08/06/2007

This dish was awsome! i loved the spices, i didnt use the pork i just did
extra chicken and shrimp. i did add a little more water and used linguinni
noodles, but it still turned out awsome.

Bcakes

Rating: 3 stars

06/09/2009

I gave this recipe only a three because I had to make adjustments. But it`s a
good base recipe. To start, don't use pasta. that's just wrong. I used
vermicelli noodles from the Asian market. I reduced the curry powder to 1tbs
and it was plenty. I added a it of ginger powder (I didn't have fresh). I used
cayenne pepper for spicy. I used only shrimp, red pepper, onion, and an
oriental mix of frozen veggies. I also added fish sauce (about a tbs), sesame
oil (1 tbs), and sugar (2tbs). This turned out pretty good. It could have used
some minced pork and also some scrambled eggs. With the changes, my picky
fiance told me this was good.

squawk93

Rating: 4 stars

08/13/2011

While this recipe was pretty good, I probably won't be making it again. I
ended up with a wok filled with the vegetables, meat and sauce, which we
served over the noodles (tossed w/sesame oil) because it wouldn't all fit in
the same pan. My only complaint was that the curry powder tasted a little raw.
A curry paste may have been the better way to go.

Muffinmom

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2009

After going on the Recipe Exchange to pick the brains of others for shrimp
recipes, I took Pixie's advice and made this dish and I am glad I did! Wow!
This is a new regular on my menu! I used only shrimp for this, and I didn't
have any sprouts (which I will make sure I have next time). I also added an
entire bag of prewashed green beans to this. For the sauce, I doubled the soy
sauce and added a tsp. of sesame oil, but left the curry and water the same
and was very pleased with the result! We all loved it! I was only going to
give this four stars because I made a few changes, but thisa dish is so good,
it would still be amazing as written!

McCrearyacres

Rating: 5 stars

12/25/2008

These were delicious! I loved them so much I ate the leftovers for breakfast,
lunch, and dinner the next 3 days. Next time I will pass on the pork--it was
okay, but not spectacular--and I'll double the shrimp and chickent instead
(okay, that will more than cover the missing pork, but they tasted great in
this recipe!) Try this, you'll like it.

Shanyodo

Rating: 5 stars

06/04/2009

My husband has been craving Singapore Rice Noodles like we used to get from
the Chinese restaurant around the corner. Now thanks to your recipe he can
have them anytime. I just substitute rice noodles for the vermicelli and it's
even better than the restaurant's offering!

MRSSFOWLER

Rating: 4 stars

06/23/2011

I wasn't sure when I made this at first if I was going to like it. I used rice
noodles and about a tsp or so of sesame oil. I thought it was ok when it was
just done but it seemed that as it sat overnight it got better. I just used
one bag of shrimp and none of the meat. I would make this again for sure. Not
quite the same as the take out noodles as they are not fried, but certainly a
good healthier option. A great lunch for work.

LHampton

Rating: 4 stars

05/09/2011

Great recipe and flavors in this dish. It is very easy to make and well worth
it. It's also very easy to modify the ingredients if you want as well!

princesso9o

Rating: 4 stars

05/17/2012

Delicious! THis was my first experience cooking with curry and it turned out
great. I used chicken broth instead of water as suggested by others. It was a
little grainy at the end so I think I will mix the curry with the soy sauce
first next time or make sure there is still a little liquid when i mix it in
at the end. YUM! Will definitely become a staple in our house!

cyncity

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2014

I just made this for the first time, and I LOVED it!!!!!!

Fran

Rating: 4 stars

05/26/2010

Turned out really well - made it with several other dishes for friends the
other night - will be even better when I get some Chinese yellow curry powder
:)

tastetocook

Rating: 3 stars

08/21/2010

add scramble eggs, chili flakes, Lan Nai garlic chili sauce, and double the
sauce next time

dinerdiva

Rating: 5 stars

05/05/2013

Excellent base recipe! I used shrimp for the meat and red, orange, yellow
peppers, mushrooms, and peas for the vegetables. The prep took longer than the
cooking but I had the dish on the table in a little over 30 minutes total.
This is going in my regular rotation.

MichelleD

Rating: 3 stars

09/10/2011

not what i was looking for, maybe would be better if i cooked it in a wok and
not a frying pan

AREENA

Rating: 2 stars

04/06/2009

Like some other reviewers, I found that the curry didn't really absorb into
the meat and noodles. Instead, it was like having a gritty coating of spices
on all the ingredients. I thought maybe I was biased having grown up on Indian
curries, but my non-Indian hubby didn't like the dish, either. Too bad because
the recipe seemed to have a lot of potential, so I made a lot. I managed to
salvage the leftovers by turning them into a stew--made a curry base with
garam masala, tomato paste, onions, garlic and ginger, then added a bunch of
chicken broth and the leftover noodles/meat/veggies. The resulting stew still
wasn't fantastic, but better than the noodles themselves.

frogger

Rating: 2 stars

06/12/2008

I LOVE curry, but I found the curry flavor in this dish to be way too strong.
Even after adding some sesame and chili oils, all I could taste was curry
powder. I would advise using 1 TBSP of curry powder to start and then adding
more if you want a stronger flavor.

Kari

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2009

super delicious, full of flavor no doubt about it! I added more soy sauce
because I love it and took out the sprouts because my husband hates it. But
even he said how awesome this dish was and he is hard to please with anything
involving curry. Awesome! :D

Jasmin

Rating: 5 stars

10/18/2007

This was amazing. I made this last night for my boyfriend and I and it came
out delicious; he couldn't get enough. There is a Chinese place where I get
these from which I really enjoy. I wanted to try to make them on my own and I
am so glad I did. Thank you so much for posting this recipe. It's definitely a
keeper. I did want to add that I omitted the celery and carrots and added more
curry powder. I also didn't cook so much pasta. It turned out great!

radha

Rating: 4 stars

08/10/2015

Great recipe, and so easy to do. I took two comments and mashed them together.
Alterations I plan to do: 1. brown the chicken with garlic and ginger. I
recommend marinating the chicken first, or make sure you fillet/slice it very
thinly. Shrimp would have been amazing in this (only had chicken on hand). 2.
I also used fish sauce, sesame oil and soy sauce, as per another reviewer. 3.
1/2 a lime, a handful of cilantro & chili flakes 4. In my next attempt, I will
marinate the chicken, brown it, then use the oil to cook down the garlic,
ginger, chili flakes and curry powder. Then, add the onions & veg (raw and
parboiled, of course by moisture content) with 1/2 cup of chicken stock. Then
add the shrimp and cooked noodles, followed by the fish sauce, sesame oil, soy
sauce, a handful of cilantro and 1/2 lime.

gapch1026

Rating: 5 stars

03/26/2009

I was pretty impressed with this recipe - used only shrimp for the meat and
onion (both yellow and green), bean sprouts, and red bell pepper for the
veggies. Angel hair pasta instead of vermicelli. And...for a change I used
just the seasonings the recipe called for instead of modifying the taste. It
probably took longer to boil the water for the pasta and peel the shells off
the shrimp than it did to cook this!

bonniep

Rating: 5 stars

03/27/2008

I took the chicken and pork out of this recipe and replaced the vermicelli
noodles with flat rice noodles and it was still awesome! Very delicious curry
dish!

pixiestix

Rating: 5 stars

04/18/2009

This was very good. My kids loved it. I used chicken broth instead of water
and added extra soy sauce. I also used fish oil and seasame oil as reccomended
by other reviewers. I used chicken thigh and shrimp only plus I added cabbage
and snow peas...I left out the celery (just dont like it). It made alrge
amount and we are looking forward to the leftovers! Thanks for sharing it with
us!

Yummy Yummy!

Rating: 5 stars

04/16/2012

Great recipe! I had a tbsp of leftover green thai curry paste in the fridge,
so I chucked that in there too. Delicious.

JKREYENHAGEN

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2007

This was a great recipe. I really like it.

Amanda

Rating: 5 stars

05/04/2011

5 stars with the help of other reviewers. yuummmmm!

LIPS4CLS

Rating: 5 stars

12/05/2005

Great. Everyone loved it.

BACKWOOD

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2008

This is by far the best meal ever. I thought that would be way too much curry
and possibly too spicy for my family. I was soooo very wrong.

V. Strickler

Rating: 2 stars

01/17/2007

not what I expected. A little bland seems to be missing something but can't
figure it out. Some greens of some sort would help it and it was very dry

KINEM

Rating: 4 stars

10/03/2006

This was really good only I thought it was missing something. The heat was
just right, maybe a touch more soy sauce? Will definitely make again though.

Janine

Rating: 3 stars

10/17/2008

It's pretty good, but the curry spices didn't seem to settle into the chicken
right. I cooked the chicken and garlic in sesame oil, cooked the vegetables in
broth mixed the chicken and shrimp then sprinkled the curry and soy sauce over
the mix, then mixed it in. If I make this again I'd probably dissolve the
curry powder in oil or soy sauce first then mix it in.

Rachel H.

Rating: 3 stars

02/06/2009

Gosh, I wish I had as good luck as everyone else did on this dish as I had
high hopes. I would rate it lower but my dislike of the dish could be to the
fact that I may not like curry?? The curry was sooooo over powering in the
dish. Also, I didn't like the texture of the noodles, they were too mushy.
Anyway, enough bashing the dish as I see many people had great luck with it!

Colleen

Rating: 5 stars

12/13/2007

Awesome...loved it. But I made WAY too many noodles...now I know for next
time!

SHERS54

Rating: 5 stars

07/04/2008

These were sooo good. I left out the pork. These tasted just like the
singapore street noodles at PF changs which are my favorite!!! They would be
good with green onions...

Kelli O'Dell Morris

Rating: 4 stars

05/02/2008

Unfortunately, my house is pretty picky, so I left out some of probably the
tastiest bits of this recipe-the veggies and sprouts. I only had shrimp on
hand, so I used that as the protein. I mainly had noodles with a very tasty
sauce. I substituted chicken broth for the water and also added fish sauce and
some garlic chili sauce. Thanks for the recipe-I'll make it again!

ehickey

Rating: 4 stars

03/31/2009

Being a Singaporean, I thought this was pretty decent. I believe the quality
of curry powder is very crucial to this dish, I would encouraged you to buy
curry powder from a store which sells product imports from the S.E. Asia for
flavor authenticity. I also added couple of eggs (beaten) at the end when I
turn off the heat and mix well. Sort of like Carbonara-style.

Rachael

Rating: 5 stars

12/31/2006

Delicious! I made with chicken. Kids loved it... easy, no fuss. Will make
again.

BREEBUGS

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2008

Very good recipe. It was better than ordering fron the Chinese restaurant! I'm
hooked. So long for ordering it from the chinese restaurant. Thanks for
sharing!

mommycooks

Rating: 4 stars

01/31/2004

I made this last night for my family and they all loved it! My husband loved
the three different meats and my daughter (17 mos) loved the noodles! My
daughter's godfather loved the curry flavor! Great dish!

CeliaBelia

Rating: 4 stars

01/06/2009

Great for leftovers too!

Karen Bleakley

Rating: 5 stars

02/18/2018

This was an excellent recipe. Everyone loved it, even Grandma who doesn't like
spices. Very easy and quick to put together.

Katrina Leigh

Rating: 2 stars

07/26/2010

I've made this a couple of times now, and just can't seem to get it to taste
right.

ZADIUS

Rating: 4 stars

02/11/2019

I followed the recipe with some chicken stock, fish sauce and oyster sauce
tossed in. It was very tasty! Perhaps a bit heavy on the curry powder, I think
next time I'll start with 2 tbsp's.

jpw

Rating: 3 stars

04/03/2008

My husband and I thought this recipe was just okay, nothing great... Might try
again.

SandyB

Rating: 3 stars

09/05/2005

It was ok but for some reason there was a lot of water when i made the dish. I
don't think i'd make it again

Yvette Marie

Rating: 4 stars

02/14/2019

Very tasty

Gary Garner

Rating: 5 stars

12/17/2016

This is a great recipe! The only thing I changed was removing the curry it
would not go over well with my children. The whole family loved it!

Vickie

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2009

This is a great dish! I put the chicken and pork in a marinade of soy sauce,
br sugar and garlic for a few hours first for extra flavor. I also used sesame
oil and cut the curry back to 1 tablespoon. Can't wait to make this again.

Necee Parker Brown

Rating: 4 stars

11/21/2017

Noodles to thick for me. Next time will use rice noodles. Otherwise loved it.

msnikki777

Rating: 4 stars

07/26/2015

This was really good and tasted better than the one I buy from restaurants.
Only difference was I did add fish sauce , would use a little more water as
well !

Robin

Rating: 5 stars

10/15/2008

This was a great recipe. It reminded us of our time in Singapore. I added
about 2 tablespoons oyster sauce with the soy sauce and garnished it with
sliced green onions instead of the Chinese chives our cook used to garnish it
with.

bunzie

Rating: 5 stars

04/04/2015

This is sooo good!! I also used chicken broth instead of water, added fish
sauce and sesame oil...this recipe is definitely a keeper! Thanks a million!!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

12/13/2005

This was a disappointing dish. It was a little bit soupy and didn't taste
anything like the Singapore style noodles you'd get at a Chinese restaurant.

Orla

Rating: 2 stars

02/01/2019

I made this by the recipe. For me, it was far too spicy. My spice-loving son
liked it, but even he found it pretty spicy.

LaJuan Sunshyne Campbell

Rating: 5 stars

08/04/2017

This is a great easy recipe. I'm a vegetarian so I followed the suggestion of
another person here by using chicken broth instead of water and adding fish
sauce for added flavor. This dish is even great vegetarian style. It's so much
better than my local take out as it is not all greasy. I have made it three
times already.

MaryAnne Flynn-Poeschl

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2008

I finally tried this and I am so glad I did. Even the baby liked it. Who knew
the kids would like shrimp. I did not use chicken because I did not have any
thawed, doubled the pork and ised frozen broccoli instead of bean sprotes.
Also took advice of reviewers and added chic broth instead of water. The only
thing I did wrong was not peel my shrimp before cooking (my first time!).
Thank you for a great recipe!

Marcus1967

Rating: 4 stars

09/08/2010

Reduce the curry, increase the garlic and you are ready to go with this
recipe.

Chris

Rating: 4 stars

11/20/2018

The initial test of the recipe was good, and shows a lot of promise. I'll be
making it again, only I'll cut the number of noodles by 1/3. The addition of
fish sauce and sesame oil are really helpful. I'll be adding more spices, but
you need to try the recipe and then adjust to the way YOU want them.

b1rdofparadis

Rating: 4 stars

02/18/2014

Instead of adding different kinds of meat, I used ground beef. I also added
hot chili (cut into slices) and cilantro for garnish. It was amazing. The
vermicelli noodle also didn't have to be boiled. I just soaked it in water 30
minutes before adding it to the pot.

Amy M

Rating: 4 stars

10/15/2007

Made this tonight and it was really good! I've been to Singapore a few times
so I even had a basis for comparison. :) I made a number of substitutions
based on what we had on hand and what's healthier: broccoli instead of bean
sprouts, whole wheat instead of regular pasta, and we did shrimp plus ground
turkey rather than the meats in the recipe. It turned out well; I ended up
having to add a bit more water and soy sauce than the recipe called for.
Overall though it's a tasty recipe, fairly quick to make, and we'll definitely
make it again.

MBETHCOOKS

Rating: 5 stars

04/20/2005

This is an "exotic" and quick weekday meal that makes great use of leftovers
(i substituted last nights pork tenderloin) and is a hit, even with my
preschooler and toddler. Happy eating!

Lovetocook

Rating: 4 stars

07/14/2008

Very good recipe. Easy to make and ingredients can be altered based on what is
in the refrigerator. Plus you can make it as hot as you want by altering the
amount of curry added.

mswhitneyleigh

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2009

My new favorite comfort food. Delicious!

Yassmeenou

Rating: 5 stars

11/06/2018

Excellent recipe! I used only chicken and shrimps, and substituted with angel
hair noodles. I also followed the advice of another reviewer and added fish
sauce and sesame oil, they give a great Asian twist. My hubby and I are Asian
food lovers and we both loved it.

MBETHCOOKS

Rating: 5 stars

04/20/2005

This is an "exotic" and quick weekday meal that makes great use of leftovers
(i substituted last nights pork tenderloin) and is a hit, even with my
preschooler and toddler. Happy eating!

dewy

Rating: 2 stars

04/02/2009

Does not taste like authentic Singapore Noodles. It should be rice vermicelli,
not pasta! It was lacking the real flavors. I tried adding some fish sauce &
sesame oil. Still too bland. The curry that should be used are the ones you
buy at the Asian grocery, not supermarket kinds.

zegr81

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2009

Great meal, even the picky members of my family enjoyed it. I did tone it down
a little using only 2 tablespoons of curry powder instead of 3. Prepared 8
servings for 6 of us and had plenty left for lunch the next day. We will have
this again. Hope you enjoy it as we did.

Samuel Croteau

Rating: 5 stars

04/26/2020

Added 3 teaspoons red pepper flakes One container ground pork Half a bag of
uncooked frozen shrimps No bean sprouts Added sweet red pepper slices

SWEETJAM

Rating: 4 stars

05/24/2008

I liked this recipe. I did make a few changes to suit my family's taste and
ingrediants I didn't have on hand. I didn't have any pork and it was fine
without it. I only used one TBS of curry because it was a new taste for my
kids and 1 TBS was plenty not sure I would have like it with 3. I added an
extra clove of garlic and left out the celery because no one likes it around
here. Thanks for sharing this was easy adn tastey.

IamPatSajak

Rating: 5 stars

04/23/2009

I followed this recipe almost exactly and it's the first curry dish that my
children ate without protest. I even served it for my home daycare and every
single child cleaned their plate. The only change I made was adding more
shrimp (I had a pound on hand). I will make this recipe again in the future.

Rhonda

Rating: 4 stars

03/04/2010

This was very good, all of my family liked it. It was a little on the dry side
so the next time I make it I will add more liquid and thicken it so it clings
to the noodles better. I will also add more veggies to it, red pepper,
bokchoy, maybe fresh spinach and mushrooms.

CaperWest

Rating: 4 stars

08/26/2010

I didn't have all the ingredients but it was still very good. I found there to
be way too much curry and I only put in 2.5 tbsp. I agree that the sauce came
out dry (perhaps a poor seal to my frying pan while steaming). A keeper though
- will add sesame oil, egg, fish sauce next time.

veggiegreengirl

Rating: 1 stars

12/15/2007

all I could taste was the overwhelming flavor of curry powder and celery!! I'm
surprised that there was no salt mentioned in this recipe that helped a bit
with the taste but not much, the dish was passable a long with the other
dishes I made. Something was missing in the recipe but nobody in my family
could figure out what it was. Will not make this again.

JoeRik

Rating: 4 stars

04/05/2009

I've never had authentic singapore noodles, so I didn't have anything to
compare these to, but my whole family loved this. I had my doubts making it
because the sauce didn't seem like it would be anything special, so I put a
few drops of Frank's hot buffalo sauce for a kick. I mixed the buffalo sauce,
soy sauce and curry together before pouring it over everything. I omitted the
pork and added scallions. Also I had to use spaghetti noodles, and they worked
just fine. This will be made again for sure.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Singapore Noodles

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Singapore Noodles

##  All Reviews for Singapore Noodles

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Singapore Noodles

Servings Per Recipe: 8  
Calories: 350.7  

% Daily Value *

protein:  24.2g  48 %

carbohydrates:  46.2g  15 %

dietary fiber:  3.6g  14 %

sugars:  3.7g

fat:  8.2g  13 %

saturated fat:  1.6g  8 %

cholesterol:  64.4mg  22 %

vitamin a iu:  3723.3IU  75 %

niacin equivalents:  12.6mg  97 %

vitamin b6:  0.5mg  32 %

vitamin c:  4.2mg  7 %

folate:  128.5mcg  32 %

calcium:  45.9mg  5 %

iron:  3.5mg  19 %

magnesium:  60.3mg  22 %

potassium:  442.8mg  12 %

sodium:  309.9mg  12 %

thiamin:  0.2mg  23 %

calories from fat:  73.4

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Singapore Noodles

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 104

Singapore Noodles

1 of 16 Singapore Noodles

wallyton

Singapore Noodles

2 of 16 Singapore Noodles

Hannah Mansfield

Singapore Noodles

3 of 16 Singapore Noodles

Fama Toure

Singapore Noodles

4 of 16 Singapore Noodles

Dee Ann Palacios

Singapore Noodles

5 of 16 Singapore Noodles

Jillian Cope

Singapore Noodles

6 of 16 Singapore Noodles

b1rdofparadis

Singapore Noodles

7 of 16 Singapore Noodles

1trinikitti

Singapore Noodles

8 of 16 Singapore Noodles

gapch1026

Singapore Noodles

9 of 16 Singapore Noodles

Muffinmom

Singapore Noodles

10 of 16 Singapore Noodles

tlove

Singapore Noodles

11 of 16 Singapore Noodles

Christina

Singapore Noodles

12 of 16 Singapore Noodles

MunchiesDepudged

Singapore Noodles

13 of 16 Singapore Noodles

VeggieChefLaura

Singapore Noodles

14 of 16 Singapore Noodles

Lesley

Singapore Noodles

15 of 16 Singapore Noodles

SunnyByrd

Singapore Noodles

16 of 16 Singapore Noodles

Allrecipes Member

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Singapore Noodles to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Singapore Noodles

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

