https://www.today.com/recipes/singapore-noodles-t255199


IE 11 is not supported. For an optimal experience visit our site on another
browser.

33 practical hacks to get you through the end of summer — starting at $7

SKIP TO CONTENT

Today Logo

  * On The Show
  * Shop
  * Health
  * Parents
  * Food
  * Pop Culture
  * Life

Search

  * Share this --
  *   *   *   *   * 

Search TodaySearch

Sections

  * Health & Wellness
  * Parenting
  * Food
  * Shop
  * Pop Culture
  * Style
  * Home
  * Videos

Shows

  * TODAY
  * 3rd Hour of TODAY
  * TODAY with Hoda & Jenna
  * Saturday TODAY
  * Sunday TODAY with Willie Geist
  * Watch Full Episodes

More

  * News
  * Help
  * Trending
  * TODAY Table
  * Recipes
  * Newsletters
  * Citi Music Series
  * Parenting Team
  * Pets & Animals
  * Money
  * Asian American Voices
  * Black Voices
  * Latino Voices
  * LGBTQ Voices
  * Women Are Essential

Follow today

  *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

More Brands

NBC News LogoMSNBC Logo

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Email
  * SMS
  * Print
  * Whatsapp
  * Reddit
  * Pocket
  * Flipboard
  * Twitter
  * Linkedin

Recipes

# Singapore Noodles

May 20, 2022, 7:45 AM EST / Updated May 24, 2022, 2:26 PM UTC

COOK TIME

5 mins

PREP TIME

30 mins

SERVINGS

3

RATE THIS RECIPE

(10)

## Try this easy Yang Chow fried rice and shrimp recipe

04:31

TODAY Table is sponsored by Walmart. Our editors independently created this
recipe. If you purchase the ingredients through our links, we earn a
commission. Learn more about Shop TODAY.

Grace Young

COOK TIME

5 mins

PREP TIME

30 mins

SERVINGS

3

RATE THIS RECIPE

(10)

  *   *   *   * Link copied

  *   * Print

## Ingredients

  * 8 ounces thin rice stick noodles (vermicelli)
  * 1/4 cup chicken broth
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon Shao Hsing rice wine or dry sherry

  * 3 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil
  * 1 tablespoon minced garlic
  * 1 tablespoon minced ginger
  * 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes

  * 4 ounces small shrimp, peeled and deveined
  * 1 cup green bell pepper, thinly sliced
  * 1 tablespoon curry powder
  * 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt

  * 1/2 teaspoon sugar
  * 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
  * 4  ounces Chinese Barbecued Pork (or boiled ham), julienned (1 cup)
  * 1 cup scallions, finely chopped

Fulfilled by

## Chef notes

Craving a gorgeous noodle dish but don't know where to start? Grace Young
shares this delicious dish with a simple method to get incredible umami
flavor. In Singapore, this is one of the great street foods to enjoy. It’s
packed with flavor from soy sauce and fresh ginger, vegetables, Asian
barbecued pork and broth that blends with vermicelli rice stick noodles. The
best part is that it’s easy enough to make this at home.

 **Technique tip:** For the best flavor, be sure to use a high-quality curry
powder. Look for Madras curry powder which has a mild heat and a more complex
flavor than standard curry powder.

 **Swap option:** Instead of green bell pepper you can use red or yellow bell
pepper. If you wanted to make this vegetarian you can substitute the shrimp
and barbecued pork with extra firm tofu that’s been cut into 1/4-inch-thick,
bite-sized pieces.

## Preparation

1.

Soak the noodles in a bowl with enough warm water to cover for 20 minutes or
until they are soft and pliable. Drain the noodles in a colander, shaking well
to remove excess water. In a small bowl combine the broth, soy sauce, and rice
wine.

2.

Heat a 14-inch flat-bottomed wok over high heat until a bead of water
vaporizes within 1 to 2 seconds of contact. Swirl in 1 tablespoon of the
peanut oil, add the garlic, ginger, and red pepper flakes, then, using a metal
spatula, stir-fry 10 seconds or until the aromatics are fragrant. Add the
shrimp and stir-fry 1 minute or until the shrimp have just turned orange but
are not cooked through. Transfer the shrimp to a plate.

3.

Swirl in the remaining 2 tablespoons oil into the wok, add the bell pepper and
stir-fry 30 seconds or until well combined. Add the curry powder and stir-fry
5 seconds or until the curry is fragrant. Swirl the broth mixture into the wok
and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the drained noodles and return to a
boil, stirring the noodles until they are completely coated in the curry
mixture. Sprinkle on the salt, sugar, and pepper. If noodles are hard add an
additional ¼ cup broth or water, cover, and cook over low heat 1 to 2 minutes,
stirring occasionally, until noodles are just tender.

4.

Increase the heat to high, add the shrimp and barbecued pork and stir-fry 1 to
2 minutes or until shrimp are just cooked through and all the liquid has been
absorbed by the noodles. Stir in the scallions.

## Learn how to make vegetable lo mein

May 24, 202205:10

## Recipe Tags

ChineseDinnerTODAY TableSide dishes

How to shop TODAY recipes

Here's everything you need to know about the cool new feature.

Learn More

Latest recipes

The ingredients to this recipe can be purchased online

Recipes

Rose Panna Cotta

The ingredients to this recipe can be purchased online

Recipes

Thai Basil Lemonade

The ingredients to this recipe can be purchased online

Recipes

Fennel Fried Chicken With Strawberry Rhubarb Sweet and Sour Sauce

See more Recipes

## More Side dishesSee All

### Grilled Corn Chaat

##

### Jeweled Biriyani Rice Salad

##

### Street Corn Elote 'Fingers'

##

### Herbaceous Creamed Spinach

##

### Potato Gratin-Stuffed Sweet Vidalia Onion with Chives

##

### Linda Skeens' Mexican Cornbread

##

### Linda Skeens' Chow Chow

##

### 'Pickle' de Gallo

##

### Shaved Zucchini, Squash and Fennel Salad

##

### Caprese Pasta Salad with Crispy Prosciutto

##

  * About
  * Contact
  * Help
  * Visit
  * TODAY Store
  * TODAY Apps
  * AD Choices
  * Privacy Policy
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Information
  * CA Notice
  * Terms of Service
  * Careers
  * Closed Captioning
  * TODAY Sitemap
  * Advertise

(C) 2022 NBC UNIVERSAL

NBC News LogoMSNBC LogoToday Logo

