https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/singapore-noodles/8655d3bb-f1c1-44f0-ac35-97725713e3ab


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Singapore noodles

  * _15m_ prep
  * _10m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

3

Save Recipe

332 people saved this

31 people made this

Fast and flavourful, this stir-fry of pork, prawn, green beans and vermicelli
noodles is the effortless meal to end a busy day.

K

Kerrie Sun

490 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain tree nut, mustard, groundnut, crustacean and
soybean.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 10 Ingredients 
  * 5 Method Steps 

#### 10 Ingredients

  * 200g dried rice vermicelli noodles 

  * 2 1/2 tbsp peanut oil 

  * 350g pork fillet, thinly sliced across the grain 

  * 300g peeled green prawns 

  * 1 large brown onion, halved, cut into thin wedges 

  * 120g green beans, topped, thinly sliced diagonally 

  * 2 garlic cloves, crushed 

  * 1 1/2 tbsp Madras curry powder 

  * 150g bean sprouts, trimmed 

  * 1 1/2 tbsp soy sauce 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 5 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Place the noodles  (200g dried rice vermicelli noodles) in a heatproof bowl.
Cover with boiling water and set aside for 5 minutes or until just tender.
Drain well.

  * Step 2

Meanwhile, heat 3 teaspoons of the oil  (2 1/2 tbsp peanut oil) in a wok over
high heat until just smoking. Add the pork  (350g pork fillet, thinly sliced
across the grain) and stir-fry for 2-3 minutes or until brown all over.
Transfer to a large heatproof bowl.

  * Step 3

Heat 3 teaspoons of the remaining oil in the wok over high heat. Add the
prawns  (300g peeled green prawns) and stir-fry for 2 minutes or until prawns
curl and change colour. Transfer to the bowl with the pork.

  * Step 4

Heat the remaining oil in the wok over high heat. Add the onion  (1 large
brown onion, halved, cut into thin wedges) and beans  (120g green beans,
topped, thinly sliced diagonally) and stir-fry for 1-2 minutes. Add the garlic
(2 garlic cloves, crushed) and curry powder  (1 1/2 tbsp Madras curry powder)
and cook for 1 minute or until aromatic and onion and beans  (150g bean
sprouts, trimmed) soften slightly.

  * Step 5

Return the pork and prawns to the wok along with the noodles, bean sprouts and
soy sauce  (1 1/2 tbsp soy sauce) and toss until well combined. Divide among
serving plates and serve immediately.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

31 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

332 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Ian Wallace

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  2. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  3. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  4. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  5. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  6. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  7. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  8. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

