https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/singapore-noodles-3/607d8f41-fb33-4056-bcb2-d0bdc2a12b65


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Singapore noodles

  * _20m_ prep
  * _10m_ cook
  * _6_ servings 

39

Save Recipe

728 people saved this

9 people made this

Get your chopsticks into these aromatic noodles packed with prawns and
flavour.

Chrissy Freer

Nutrition Editor

354 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain yeast, gluten, wheat, mustard and alcohol.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 12 Ingredients 
  * 4 Method Steps 

#### 12 Ingredients

  * 300g peeled green prawns 

  * 300g chicken breast fillets, thinly sliced 

  * 1 tbsp Chinese rice wine 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) light soy sauce 

  * 1 tbsp grated fresh ginger 

  * 250g dried rice vermicelli noodles 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) vegetable oil 

  * 1 tbsp curry powder 

  * 1 red capsicum, halved, deseeded, thinly sliced 

  * 6 green shallots, ends trimmed, thinly sliced diagonally 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) Massel chicken style liquid stock 

  * Fresh coriander sprigs, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 4 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Place the prawns  (300g peeled green prawns), chicken  (300g chicken breast
fillets, thinly sliced), Chinese rice wine  (1 tbsp Chinese rice wine), 1
tablespoon of soy sauce  (60ml (1/4 cup) light soy sauce) and 2 teaspoons of
ginger  (1 tbsp grated fresh ginger) in a shallow glass or ceramic bowl. Stir
until well combined. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 30
minutes to marinate.

  * Step 2

Meanwhile, place the noodles  (250g dried rice vermicelli noodles) in a large
heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water and set aside for 5 minutes to
soften. Drain.

  * Step 3

Heat 1 tablespoon of oil  (60ml (1/4 cup) vegetable oil) in a wok over high
heat. Add half the prawn mixture and stir-fry for 1-2 minutes or until just
cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with the remaining prawn mixture.
Use paper towel to wipe the wok clean.

  * Step 4

Heat the remaining oil in the wok over high heat. Add the curry powder  (1
tbsp curry powder) and stir-fry for 30 seconds or until aromatic. Add the
capsicum  (1 red capsicum, halved, deseeded, thinly sliced), half the shallot
(6 green shallots, ends trimmed, thinly sliced diagonally) and the remaining
ginger, and stir-fry for 1 minute or until the shallot softens. Add the prawn
mixture, stock  (60ml (1/4 cup) Massel chicken style liquid stock) and
remaining soy sauce. Taste and season with sugar, salt and pepper. Add the
noodles and toss until coated and heated through. Sprinkle with fresh
coriander  (Fresh coriander sprigs, to serve) and remaining shallot to serve.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

9 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

728 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

You can prepare this recipe to the end of step 2 up to 1 hour ahead. Continue
from step 3, 10 minutes before serving.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Ian Wallace

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  2. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  3. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  4. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  5. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  6. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  7. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  8. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

