https://www.cookshideout.com/sikkim-vegetarian-momos-recipe


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * All Recipes
  * Recipes by Category
  * Subscribe
  * ## Navigation Menu: Social Icons

    * Bloglovin
    * Email
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter

  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * All Recipes
  * Recipes by Category
  * Subscribe

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

×

Home » Street Food » Vegetarian Momos

# Veg Momos Recipe | Video

Published: Nov 10, 2021 · Modified: Nov 10, 2021 by Pavani · 24 Comments

16 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video

Vegetarian momos are Indian style dumplings that are absolutely delicious. In
this version, I use a savory vegetable-tofu filling.

You can either steam or fry these veg momos. Instructions for both are in the
recipe card. I have also included air fryer and Instant Pot methods. Serve
with _schezwan chili sauce_ and enjoy!!

_This post contains affiliate links to Amazon and other sites. I will earn a
commission from qualifying purchases through those links. This blog generates
income via ads. Clickhere to read my affiliate links policy._

## Table of contents

  * About the Recipe
  * Ingredients
  * How to make Momo Wrappers
  * Instructions
  * Expert Tips
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * You might also like
  * Recipe Card

## About the Recipe

Sikkim is a state in northeastern India located in the Himalayan mountains. It
is the least populous state in India and is the only state with an ethnic
Nepali majority. Because of the close proximity to Nepal and Tibet, Sikkim
cuisine is highly influenced by both of those cuisines.

Momos are a type of dumplings that are native to Nepal and some parts of
Tibet. They are widely made in Sikkim and other northeastern states as well.
They have also become a very popular _street food_ in other parts of India.

Traditionally, momos are made with ground meat filling. In Sikkim, meat and
cheese fillings are more famous. But this vegetarian version is equally
popular and delicious.

I use a combination of vegetables along with some tofu and spices for the
filling in these vegetarian momos. To make the dumplings, I use store-bought
dumpling wrapper, but you can also make your own dough. I have included the
recipe for the dumpling wrapper below.

Also these dumplings can either be steamed or air fried. Instructions for
making momos using both methods are in the recipe card.

## Ingredients

For the details of the exact quantities of each ingredient and the list of
ingredients needed, check the printable recipe card below.

Here are the ingredients you need to make vegetarian Indian momo dumplings:

For the filling:

  * Mixed vegetables - use any combination of veggies like cabbage, broccoli, carrot, mushroom etc. I sometimes use store-bought coleslaw or broccoli slaw.
  * Either extra firm or firm tofu, can be subbed with paneer
  * Ginger, garlic, green chilies
  * Soy sauce & Chili sauce
  * Salt & Pepper
  * Wonton Wrappers - I usually use store-bought wrappers because they are easy to find and make the whole process convenient. But if you want to make your own, you need just 4 ingredients - flour, water, oil and salt. Recipe below.

To cook the momo dumplings, you can either steam, air fry or deep fry them.
Here is the equipment you need:

  * Steam in Instant Pot - you will obviously need an _Instant Pot_. Along with that you will need a _steamer basket_.
  * Stove top steaming - you will need a big _wo_ k or a pan big enough to fit a _bamboo steamer_.
  *  _Air fryer_

## How to make Momo Wrappers

Here's how to make your own dumpling wrapper at home:

Combine 1 cup all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon salt, and 2 teaspoons oil in a
medium size bowl. Slowly add about ¼ cup of water, mix and knead to form a
dough. Knead into a smooth dough. Cover the bowl and set aside aside for at
least 15~20 minutes.

On a lightly oiled work surface, roll out the dough into a ¼" thick circle.
Use a 3" cookie cutter to punch out dough circles.

Follow the recipe as written and cook the vegetable momos until cooked
through.

## Instructions

For the detailed instructions on how to make the recipe with exact timings,
check the printable recipe card below.

Here is how to make vegetarian momos recipe right at home:

Start by making the filling: In a food processer, combine garlic, ginger,
green chili, green onion, mixed vegetables and tofu. Process until finely
chopped.

Heat oil in a large skillet on medium heat. Add the vegetable mixture and cook
for 6~8 minutes, or until the veggies no longer smell raw. Add soy sauce,
chili sauce, salt and pepper. Mix well and cook for 1 minute. Turn off stove
and set aside to cool for 10~15 minutes.

Work with one wonton wrapper at a time and keep the rest under a damp towel.
Place about 2 teaspoons of the vegetable mixture in the center. Dampen the
edges with water. Fold the wrapper over to encase the filling, then press the
edges together to seal properly.

Place the filled momo on a plate and cover it up to prevent it from drying
out. Repeat with the remaining wrappers until the filling is used.

Once the dumplings are wrapped, then they are ready to be cooked. At this
point, you can freeze them for later. Or you can either steam or air fry or
even deep fry them.

### How to Steam Momos in Instant Pot

Select Sauté and pour water into the Instant Pot. The water will start to
simmer in 2 to 3 minutes. Place the prepared momos onto a steamer basket and
place the basket in the pot.

Place the lid on, lock it, and place the steam valve in the venting position.
Cancel Sauté and select 'Steam'. Instant Pot does not count down in Steam
mode, so make sure to set a separate timer for 12 minutes.

Turn off the Instant Pot when the timer goes off and natural release the steam
for 5 minutes; quick release the remainder. Open the pressure cooker and,
using oven mitts, carefully remove the steamer basket.

### How to make Steamed Momos in Steamer

Place the prepared momo on a parchment lined bamboo steamer. Fill a wok with
1~2" of water and place the bamboo steamer in it. Water should come to about
1" to the side of the steamer. Steam for 10~12 minutes.

### Air Fried Momos

Preheat the air fryer to 375°F. Lightly grease the air fryer tray. Place the
prepared momos in a single layer. Bake for 8~10 minutes, rotating the tray
halfway through, until golden and crispy.

Serve the momos hot with some chili sauce.

## Expert Tips

  * You can use either store-bought wonton wrappers or make your own wrappers at home.
  * Make sure to keep the wrappers and prepared veg momos covered with a damp towel to avoid drying out.
  * Veggies like cabbage, broccoli, carrot, mushroom etc. are great in this recipe. I sometimes use store-bought coleslaw or broccoli slaw to save time.
  * You can substitute tofu with paneer in the filling. Or skip the protein altogether make this a 100% vegetable momos recipe.
  * Make sure to cool the filling slightly before shaping the momos.
  * If steaming Momos in Instant Pot, make sure to set a separate timer since IP does not count down in Steam mode.
  * The filling can be made up to 3 days in advance. Store it in an airtight container in the fridge.
  * Vegetarian momos can be prepped 1 day in advance and then steamed or air fried just before serving.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**Can these veg momos be frozen?**

Yes, absolutely. You can make vegetable dumplings ahead of time and freeze
them. To do that, make the dumplings and place them in a single layer on
parchment lined baking sheet or plate. Put them in the freezer until
completely frozen, then transfer to a ziploc bag and store for up to 3 months.  
To thaw, simply steam the frozen dumplings until warmed through.

**How to make deep fried Momos?**

Heat oil in a pan on medium heat. Add the prepared momos in batches and cook
until golden brown and crispy on all over.

## You might also like

Here are few more Indo Chinese dishes that you might like:

  * Schezwan Fried Rice | Indo-Chinese Recipe

  * Hakka Noodles (Indo-Chinese Noodles with Vegetables)

  * Healthy Veg Manchurian Recipe | Video

  * Baby Corn Roast

I love hearing from you!! If you’ve tried this and liked it, then don't forget
to let me know. Give a star rating and let me know in the comments below. Also
tag me in your creations on Instagram  **@cooks_hideout**. I love sharing
photos when people make my recipes. You can use the hashtag  **#cookshideout**
too.

## Recipe Card

## Vegetable Momos

Momos are a version of dumplings and are widely made in the northeastern part
of India. They are also a very popular street food in many parts of India.

Author: Pavani

Print Pin Rate

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Prep Time: 30 mins

Cook Time: 15 mins

Total Time: 45 mins

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: indo chinese

Servings: 36 momos

###

Ingredients

1x2x3x

  * 2 Garlic cloves
  * 1" Ginger piece
  * 1~2 Green chilies
  * 2~3 Green onions, chopped
  * 4 cups Chopped mixed vegetables* 
  * 1 cup Firm or Extra firm Tofu, chopped
  * 2 teaspoons Oil
  * 1 teaspoon Soy sauce
  * 1 teaspoon Chili Sauce
  * To taste Salt and Pepper
  * 36 Wonton wrappers

###

Instructions

#### Make the filling:

  * In a food processer, combine garlic, ginger, green chili, green onion, mixed vegetables and tofu. Process until finely chopped.

  * Heat oil in a large skillet on medium heat. Add the vegetable mixture and cook for 6~8 minutes, or until the veggies no longer smell raw. Add soy sauce, chili sauce, salt and pepper. Mix well and cook for 1 minute. Turn off stove and set aside to cool for 10~15 minutes.

#### Fill and Make Momos:

  * Work with one wonton wrapper at a time and keep the rest under a damp towel. Place about 2 teaspoons of the vegetable mixture in the center. Dampen the edges with water. Fold the wrapper over to encase the filling, then press the edges together to seal properly. 

Place the filled momo on a plate and cover it up to prevent it from drying
out. Repeat with the remaining wrappers until the filling is used.

Once the dumplings are wrapped, then they are ready to be cooked. At this
point, you can freeze them for later. Or you can either steam or air fry or
even deep fry them.

#### Steam Momos in Instant Pot:

  * Select Sauté and pour water into the Instant Pot. The water will start to simmer in 2 to 3 minutes. Place the prepared momos onto a steamer basket and place the basket in the pot.

Place the lid on, lock it, and place the steam valve in the venting position.
Cancel Sauté and select 'Steam'. Instant Pot does not count down in Steam
mode, so make sure to set a separate timer for 12 minutes.

Turn off the Instant Pot when the timer goes off and natural release the steam
for 5 minutes; quick release the remainder. Open the pressure cooker and,
using oven mitts, carefully remove the steamer basket.

#### Steam in Steamer:

  * Place the prepared momo on a parchment lined bamboo steamer. Fill a wok with 1~2" of water and place the bamboo steamer in it. Water should come to about 1" to the side of the steamer. Steam for 10~12 minutes.

#### Air Fried Momos:

  * Preheat the air fryer to 375°F. Lightly grease the air fryer tray. Place the prepared momos in a single layer. Bake for 8~10 minutes, rotating the tray halfway through, until golden and crispy.

  * Serve the momos hot with some chili sauce.

### Video

###

Notes

  * You can use either store-bought wonton wrappers or make your own wrappers at home.
  * Make sure to keep the wrappers and prepared veg momos covered with a damp towel to avoid drying out.
  * Veggies like cabbage, broccoli, carrot, mushroom etc. are great in this recipe. I sometimes use store-bought coleslaw or broccoli slaw to save time.
  * You can substitute tofu with paneer in the filling. Or skip the protein altogether make this a 100% vegetable momos recipe.
  * Make sure to cool the filling slightly before shaping the momos.
  * If steaming Momos in Instant Pot, make sure to set a separate timer since IP does not count down in Steam mode.
  * The filling can be made up to 3 days in advance. Store it in an airtight container in the fridge.
  * Vegetarian momos can be prepped 1 day in advance and then steamed or air fried just before serving.
  * You can make veg momos ahead of time and freeze them. To do that, make the dumplings and place them in a single layer on parchment lined baking sheet or plate. Put them in the freezer until completely frozen, then transfer to a ziploc bag and store for up to 3 months.
  * To thaw, simply steam the frozen dumplings until warmed through.
  * To make fried momos, heat oil in a pan on medium heat. Add the prepared momos in batches and cook until golden brown and crispy on all over.
  * To make your own dumpling wrapper: 
    * Combine 1 cup all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon salt, and 2 teaspoons oil in a medium size bowl. Slowly add about ¼ cup of water, mix and knead to form a dough. Knead into a smooth dough. Cover the bowl and set aside aside for at least 15~20 minutes.
    * On a lightly oiled work surface, roll out the dough into a ¼" thick circle. Use a 3" cookie cutter to punch out dough circles.
    * Follow the recipe as written and cook the veg momos until cooked through.

###

Nutrition

Serving: 1Momo | Calories: 42kcal | Carbohydrates: 8g | Protein: 2g | Fat: 1g
| Saturated Fat: 1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g | Monounsaturated Fat: 1g |
Trans Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 1mg | Sodium: 76mg | Potassium: 64mg | Fiber: 1g
| Sugar: 1g | Vitamin A: 1036IU | Vitamin C: 3mg | Calcium: 12mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @cooks_hideout or tag #cookshideout!

## More Street Food

  * Mauritian Dhal Puri Recipe | Video

  * Palakura Punugulu with Idli Batter | Video

  * Aloo Tikki Wrap | Aloo Frankie Recipe

  * Mexican Torta Sandwich Recipe | Vegetarian

16 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * Email

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Beth Sachs

November 12, 2021 at 12:31 am

  
These dumplings are so cute and so flavourful! Great recipe.

Reply

  2. Dannii

November 12, 2021 at 1:43 am

  
I love dumplings and these look delicious. I will definitely be giving them a
try.

Reply

  3. Mandy Applegate

November 12, 2021 at 2:03 am

  
These dumplings were absolutely delicious - thank you!

Reply

« Older Comments

### Thanks for coming! Let me know what you think: Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Welcome, All!!

Hello, I am Pavani, the cook in this hideout. Cook's Hideout is all about
delicious vegetarian dishes from India and also from around the world. Here
you will find recipes that are easy AND tasty to make. More about me...

### My Cookbooks

### My Cookbooks

### My Web Stories

Check out my web stories here...

## Footer

^ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Subscribe

### Contact

  * About

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2020 **Foodie Pro** on the Foodie Pro Theme

16 shares

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

