https://www.cookclickndevour.com/veg-momos-recipe-vegetable-momos/


  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

  *   *   *   * 

Cook Click N Devour!!!

Easy Vegetarian & Vegan Recipes For Everyone

  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

Home / Snacks and Starters Recipes / **Veg Momos Recipe | Veg Dim Sum**

Published: June 17, 2021 | By Harini

# Veg Momos Recipe | Veg Dim Sum

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Momos are a very popular street food of North Eastern India, Nepal & Tibet.
They are basically steamed dumplings filled with meat. Over the years
vegetarian and vegan versions with vegetable filling are also very popular.

Making momos at home is super easy and all you need are some time and patience
to get the pleating right. Piping hot dim sum served with a fiery dipping
sauce is a delicious, hearty and most satisfying meal on any day.

In this post you will learn to make momos or Tibetan dim sum from scratch with
step by step photos, tips and filling variations and a quick momo chutney
recipe. Do try out this popular Tibetan recipe at home and enjoy!

I am sure I have stated this many times and here I go saying it again, I love
Asian food, especially the street food kinds ðŸ™‚ Pot stickers, gobi manchurian,
fried rice, noodles are some of my favorites and this momos too are.

I tasted veg momos first in Bangalore with my friend in a small makeshift shop
and loved every bite of it. Fiery hot veg filling inside stuffed inside a soft
wrapper and steamed to perfection, yum! The dipping sauce or momos chutney
served with it was also top notch!

Making good veg momos at home is really easy but take some time and effort.
Pleating them can be tricky especially if you are a beginner but it comes
easily with practice.

These bite size dumplings are truly worth their time. Potstickers are also
steamed dumplings similar to momos with slight differences.

Table Of Contents

  1. What Are Momos?
  2. About This Recipe
  3. How To Make Veg Momos Recipe
  4. Expert Tips
  5. Frequently Asked Questions
  6. More Street Food Recipes
  7. Recipe
  8. Veg Momos Recipe- Dim Sum

## What Are Momos?

The term momo itself means meat stuffed steamed bun. Traditionally momos were
prepared only with meat. But as with any vegetarian variation we make veg
momos with vegetable stuffing.

These are also known as dim sum was first introduced to me a by a North
Eastern colleague who is also my friend. She always said veg momos with spicy
momos chutney is the best combination.

So veg momos are basically steamed flour buns wit spicy veg filling.
Predominantly cabbage is used as stuffing. Here I have used a mix of cabbage,
capsicum and carrots.

There are many types of momos like fried ones, with paneer filling. I also
make momos with whole wheat flour most of the time.

According to me the best momos are the steamed ones though ðŸ™‚ The crispiness of
fresh veggies and soft steamed outer cover is a wonderful combination.

This popular street food of India is literally found in corner of every busy
street these days. Do try out this easy veg momos recipe and enjoy! These
momos are

_tasty & flavorful_

_Street style bite sized dumplings_

_Vegan & can be made gluten free_

_Easy recipe with simple ingredients_

## About This Recipe

This **recipe veg momos** is really a good one. It will help you make best
street style dumplings with a very delicious veg filling and a super soft,
light and perfectly steamed outer dough.

I have been making this recipe for many years and with some fine tuning and
tweaks, I have arrived at this best recipe which you will sure love.

Making momos at home is easy though a bit time consuming. The stuffing is a
simple vegetable mixture. Only the pleating part takes some time here. Again
steaming is just for 10 minutes.

For making these dim sum let us first make the dough for outer covering. It is
a simple dough with plain flour, salt, water and few drops of oil. Combine
everything and knead to a bit firm dough and set aside.

Next for making the filling heat oil in a pan. Saute the chili flakes, ginger
garlic and onions. Add the finely chopped veggies, salt, soy sauce, sugar and
vinegar.

Saute in high flame for 8-10 minutes. The veggies should get cooked yet retain
their crunch. Let cool.

To pleat and steam the dumplings pinch small balls from the dough and roll
into a thin small circle. Place the filling and pleat the edges. There are so
many shapes you can make here and it comes with practice.

Finally steam the pleated momos for 6-8 minutes in a steamer. I use idli
vessel and plates for steaming. You can also use bamboo steamer for more
flavor.

## **How To Make Veg Momos Recipe**

### **For the dough:**

Combine all purpose flour, salt and oil in a large mixing bowl.

Add water to make a slightly tight yet pliable smooth and soft dough. Cover
the dough with a damp cloth and let the dough sit for 20 minutes.

### Preparing The Vegetables

As the dough rests, finely chop the vegetables, mince the ginger garlic and
set aside. I have used

3/4 cup finely chopped cabbage- white and purple

1/2 cup finely chopped green bell pepper

1/2 cup grated carrots

1/4 cup finely chopped green beans

8 finely chopped baby corns

1/4 cup finely chopped onions

3/4 cup chopped spring onion greens to make vegetable momos. You will need
about2.5 cups chopped mixed vegetables to prepare momos. If you are scaling up
the recipe you can use a food processor to chop the vegetables

### **Make The Filling**

Heat oil in a pan. Saute chilli flakes. Next add the crushed garlic and ginger
till the raw smell goes off.

Then add the spring onion bulbs and saute till translucent. Once done add the
sliced red onions and saute for few minutes.

Now add the finely chopped vegetables, soy sauce, tomato sauce. Also add salt
and pepper. Saute and stir fry in high heat for 4-5 minutes.

Finally add spring onion greens and remove from flame. Cool the stuffing.

### **Pleating Momos**

Take the prepared momos dough and divide into four equal portions.

Working with one portion at a time, roll in into a thin big circle. Using a
cutter or lid of round box cut into circles. Again knead the remaining dough
and make as many circles as possible.

Take one small cut circle.

place 1 1/2 teaspoons of prepared filling in the center.

Now start pleating from one side and pleat in the same direction.Once
done,sale the top and press slightly.

### Steaming Momos

Prepare your steamer. You can use any regular pot with a steamer insert or
bamboo steamer or use pressure cooker or instant pot with steamer plate. Here
I have used my idli steaming plates.

Boil some water in a steamer or idly cooker and arrange the shaped momos in
the plate. Place the steamer plate inside the pot with boiling water.

Steam for 6-7 minutes in medium high heat. Once done the dumplings will be
glossy little bigger than we shaped.

Serve veg momos piping hot with dipping sauce or schezwan sauce.

### Making Momos Chutney

To make quick dipping sauce or chutney for momos combine 4 cloves minced
garlic, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1/2 tablespoon vinegar, 2 teaspoons chili oil,
1 teaspoon sesame oil and 1/2 teaspoon brown sugar. Whisk very well until
combined.

## Expert Tips

**Flour** - You can use either plain flour or whole wheat flour for making
this dish. Traditionally it is made with plain flour only. Using plain flour
you will get that absolutely light feather like texture in the outer covering.
If you use wheat flour, it will be a bit dense, dark in color but it will
taste good.

**Dough** - This dumpling dough should be a stiff dough and not very soft. If
you knead the dough very soft, it will stick to the steamer while steaming,
the filling will come out and also it would be difficult to pleat.

Wonton wrappers- If you want to skip making the dough you

**Filling** - For the filling or stuffing you could get really creative. I
have made a spicy filling with assorted vegetables but you can also use just
cabbage or mushrooms. You can also try

  * paneer filling
  * adding grated cheese
  * Soya granules masala
  * Sauteed spinach
  * Grated or chopped chocolate mixed with nuts

**Flavoring & Spices- **How you choose to flavor this dish and the spices used
are again totally up to you. To get that typical street style flavor and umami
add soy sauce as I have did here. I also like to use a dash of vinegar, chilli
sauce and a generous does of freshly cracked black pepper powder. You can also
try adding Indian flavors like garam masala or tandoori masala to make
tandoori momos or add Italian spices, Mexican spices too.

**While steaming** - After pleating make sure to secure the edges properly
else the filling will break open while steaming. Also make sure to leave some
space between each pleated momo as they expand slightly on steaming and may
stick to each other.

Also grease the steamer plate well so that the bottom of the steamed momos do
not stick to the plate. If your steamer plate has holes, you can line it with
cabbage leaves before arranging the momos.

**Checking for doneness** - On steaming the momos will turn glossy and
transparent. Also they will be non sticky to touch on the surface.

## Frequently Asked Questions

****Are momos healthy?****

Momos from shops are made of plain flour and the filling contains good amount
of oil, sauces etc. So it is not exactly healthy kind of food. At home you can
however make it healthier by switching ingredients.

****Are these veg momos vegan?****

Yes my recipe of veg momos shared here is vegan.

****How to make gluten free momos?****

You can use rice flour and use boiling water for making the dough.

## More Street Food Recipes

samosa

veg lollipop

veg rolls

baby corn manchurian

tofu stir fry

_Are you making this recipe? Do snap a pic and share on Instagram with hashtag
_ _#cookclickndevou_ _. Do leave a â‹† rating along with your feedback! Let us
connect on _ _Instagram_ _,  _ _Facebook_ _,_ _pinterest_ _ & _ _Twitter_ _for
more fun recipes and stories!_

## Recipe

## Veg Momos Recipe- Dim Sum

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Harini

Momos are a very popular street food of North Eastern India, Nepal & Tibet.
They are basically steamed dumplings filled with meat. Over the years
vegetarian and vegan versions with vegetable filling are also very popular.

Making momos at home is super easy and all you need are some time and patience
to get the pleating right. Piping hot dim sum served with a fiery dipping
sauce is a delicious, hearty and most satisfying meal on any day.

5 from 11 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 20 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 35 mins

Course Snack

Cuisine Nepal

Servings 18 momos

Calories 102 kcal

#### 1 CUP = 250 ml

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

#### For outer covering

  * â–¢ 1 cup all purpose flour/maida
  * â–¢ 3/4 cup water
  * â–¢ Salt

#### For filling

  * â–¢ 2.5 cups finely chopped veggies carrot,green bell pepper,cabbage,baby corn
  * â–¢ 6-7 spring onion bulbs save greens for garnishing
  * â–¢ 1 small onion sliced thin
  * â–¢ 1 small tomato pureed
  * â–¢ 2-3 garlic pod crushed
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon grated ginger
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon chilli flakes
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon sugar
  * â–¢ Salt pepper
  * â–¢ Oil

### Instructions



#### Making Outer Cover

  * Mix all the ingredients mentioned and form a soft pliable dough and rest for an hour. In

the mean time we will prepare filling and cool it.

#### Making Filling

  * Heat a kadai and add oil to it. Saute chilli flakes and sugar. Next add the crushed garlic and ginger. Saute till raw smell goes off.

  * Add the spring onion bulbs and saute till translucent. Next add the sliced onions and saute for few minutes.

  * Now add the chopped veggies, soy sauce, tomato sauce,salt and pepper.Saute in high flame for 4-5 minutes.

  * Finally add spring onion greens and remove from flame. Cool the stuffing.

#### Pleating and steaming the momos

  * Take the prepared dough and divide into four equal portions.Working with one portion at a time,roll in into a thin big circle.Using a cutter or lid of round box cut into circles.Again knead the remaining dough and make as many circles as possible.

  * Take one small cut circle and place 1 1/2 teaspoons of prepared filling in the center.

  * Now start pleating from one side and pleat in the same direction.Once done,sale the top and press slightly.

  * Boil some water in a steamer or idly cooker and arrange the shaped momos in the plate.Steam for 6-7 minutes.

  * Once done the momos will be glossy little bigger than we shaped.

  * Serve veg momos piping hot with momos chutney or schezwan sauce.

### Notes

1.Here I have used baby corn but that is purely optional  
2.If you don't have spring onion greens you can use thick stems of cilantro
for garnishing.

### Nutrition

Calories: 102kcal

Keyword momos recipe, veg momos

Tried this recipe? Snap a pic and share ðŸ™‚Mention cookclickndevou or tag
cookclickndevour

1732 shares

  * Share22
  * Pin1706
  * Yummly
  * Flipboard
  * Twitter

Shared by Harini

#### About Harini

I am Harini. The recipe developer, food photographer and chef behind cook
click n devour. My aim behind this blog is to provide easy, tried and tested
recipes that beginners can cook with confidence. I took keen interest in
cooking and took courses on cooking, baking during teens purely out of
passion. With a decade of cooking experience I am glad to share my recipes and
culinary knowledge with you all here. Stay tuned and happy cooking!  
Harini :)

### Comments

  1. Julie says

July 24, 2014 at 2:19 pm

  
cute ones,love it..devoured a lot when I was in Delhi.. yummy ones !!

  2. beena stephen says

July 24, 2014 at 4:00 pm

  
Yum yummy . Love it

  3. Full Scoops says

July 24, 2014 at 5:26 pm

  
perfect momos. One of my favorites! Looks fantastic!

  4. Mayuri Patel says

July 24, 2014 at 7:18 pm

  
Reminds me of the momo place I use to go with my daughter and her friends in
Bangalore. Its been on my to try list for eons.

  5. Shweta Agrawal says

July 24, 2014 at 9:57 pm

  
oh wow..i made momos for my husband birthday!

  6. Sangeetha Priya says

July 25, 2014 at 12:19 am

  
healthy momos!!!

  7. remya sean says

July 25, 2014 at 6:37 am

  
lovely momos here.

  8. Magees kitchen says

July 25, 2014 at 7:48 am

  
Drool worthy recipeâ€¦Yum Yum Yum!!!

  9. Ramya Venkateswaran says

July 25, 2014 at 9:39 am

delicious momo recipe

  10. nandoos Kitchen says

July 25, 2014 at 11:03 am

momos look perfect.

  11. Sona S says

July 25, 2014 at 11:09 am

Delicious momos!!!

  12. Preetha Soumyan says

July 25, 2014 at 2:57 pm

delicious and yummy looking veggie momos.. and u nailed the shape

  13. Gita Jaishankar says

July 28, 2014 at 8:06 am

  
Those momos look so appetizing and tempting!

#### Hello, I am Harini

The chef, author and photograper of cook click n devour. Here you'll find
tried & tested vegetarian recipes with step by step photos and videos to make
cooking a pleasure and fulfilling experience. Happy cooking!

Read More

#### Popular Recipes

#### As Seen In

AboutContactPrivacy

Copyright Â©2022, Cook Click N Devour!!!. All Rights Reserved.

