https://www.spicypunch.com/web-stories/veg-momos-or-steamed-vegetable-momos-step-by-story/


## Veg momos or Steamed vegetable momo's step by story

By Moumita Paul

View Recipe >>

## Steamed veg momos recipe

Yield

20 people

Type

Tibetan/Nepali

Time

1 hr

Level

Moderate

View Recipe >>

View Recipe >>

View Recipe >>

### For momos stuffing 1.5 cup grated cabbage 3/4 cup grated carrot 1/2 cup
onion(chopped) 1 tsp pepper 2 tsp soya sauce 3 tsp vinegar 1.5 tbsp garlic 1
tsp ginger 1 tbsp green chilies 5-6 tbsp spring onion 3 1/2 tbsp vegetable oil
1 tsp salt

### For momos stuffing 1.5 cup grated cabbage 3/4 cup grated carrot 1/2 cup
onion(chopped) 1 tsp pepper 2 tsp soya sauce 3 tsp vinegar 1.5 tbsp garlic 1
tsp ginger 1 tbsp green chilies 5-6 tbsp spring onion 3 1/2 tbsp vegetable oil
1 tsp salt

# Ingredients:

# Ingredients:

# Ingredients:

### For making momos dough 1.5 cup maida or flour 2.5 tsp oil 1/2 tsp salt 10
tbsp water

View Recipe >>

View Recipe >>

View Recipe >>

In a mixing bowl, take flour or maida, salt & oil. Mix it well with your
fingertips. Then gradually add water and start kneading it.

## Step 1

## Step 1

## Making momo’s dough

## Making momo’s dough

View Recipe >>

Momo dough neither be too soft nor hard. When momos dough is ready cover it
with a moist kitchen towel or with a tight lid for about 30 mins.

## Step 2

## Step 2

View Recipe >>

Heat a pan on medium-high flame, with vegetable oil. First add 1 1/2 tsp of
chopped garlic stir it once.

## Step 1

## Step 1

## Making momos filling/ stuffing

## Making momos filling/ stuffing

View Recipe >>

## Step 2

## Step 2

Add chopped ginger, green chilies, 5 tbsp chopped onion, & 4 tbsp chopped
spring onion to the pan and sauté it well for 1-2 mins with 1 tsp pepper.

View Recipe >>

## Step 3

## Step 3

After 2 mins, add grated cabbage, grated carrot to the pan, and mix it well
with all ingredients. Sauté it for 1-2 more mins.

View Recipe >>

## Step 4

## Step 4

Add soya sauce and vinegar, and sauté it well. Then add 1/2 tsp of salt. Sauté
the veggies for 15 mins on slow flame by stirring frequently.

View Recipe >>

Add the rest of 2 tbsp chopped spring onion & 3 tbsp of chopped onion to give
it street style taste, good stir & turn off the flame. Stuffing is ready.

## Step 5

## Step 5

View Recipe >>

Take the dough(prepared earlier) and make the small balls out of it. The small
doughs or balls must be a little smaller than puri dough.

## Rolling momos dough

## Rolling momos dough

## Step 1

## Step 1

View Recipe >>

## Step 2

## Step 2

Dust little flour on the rolling board & start rolling the doughs with 3-4
inch diameter. Tthen make its edges thin with the rolling pin. But the center
must be thick.

View Recipe >>

Take a sheet on your palm, then add 1 tbsp of stuffing on its center and start
folding it with your fingertips.

## Step 1

## Step 1

## Making momos shape by hand

## Making momos shape by hand

View Recipe >>

## Step 2

## Step 2

First, make one pleat with its edges and press the ends hard with your
fingertips(the help of thumb and pointer finger).

View Recipe >>

## Step 3

## Step 3

Then make each pleat and join its ends with the last one and press it down a
little hard. lastly, join the last pleat with the end of first one.

View Recipe >>

## Step 4

## Step 4

Apply the same process to give the whole batches of momos to a perfect shape.

View Recipe >>

Take the idli steamer plate or a colander, grease it with oil, then place the
momos on it maintaining little space with each other.

## Steam momos without steamer

## Steam momos without steamer

## Step 1

## Step 1

View Recipe >>

## Step 2

## Step 2

Heat the steamer or heat the bowl with water & then place the momo's tray or
colander on its mouth. Then cover the pan or close steamer & leave it for 5-6
mins.

View Recipe >>

View Full Recipe >>

# Thank you

### For more recipes visit:

### www.spicypunch.com

