https://www.spiceupthecurry.com/momos-recipe-veg-momos/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Spice Up The Curry

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * By Category
    * By Ingredients
    * Festivals
    * Collections
  * Subscribe
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Appetizers

# Momos Recipe (Veg Momos)

Published: Apr 29, 2017 · Last Modified: Apr 14, 2020 by Kanan Patel / 28
Comments

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

 **Veg Momos Recipe with step by step photos -** This is the popular street
food in India which is originally a Tibetan recipe.

There are many varieties of momos you will find at the stalls. The verities
meaning, it has different kind of stuffing like meat (chicken, lamb),
vegetables, paneer, tofu etc. Today I am sharing the Veg momos recipe.

Speaking of vegetables, I have used carrot, onion, cabbage and capsicum. You
can add mushrooms, green beans, cooked potato, baby corn, bean sprouts etc. I
have chopped them finely using knife. To get it done quickly, use food
processor.

**The veg stuffing is mild in taste. So it is best to serve with any spicy
dipping sauce on side.**

It is very easy to make at home except the shaping part. Shaping them is not
hard, but it is little time consuming and shaping them perfectly requires some
practice. I have shared few different shapes method in step by step photos
like round pleated (potli shape), half moon shape. I find the half moon shape
is quicker to make. I have also mentioned how to make simple flower bud style
wonton shape which is the easiest and get ready in jiffy.

**Here I have made the outer layer at home by making the dough. If you want to
take shortcut, you can use wonton wrappers or spring roll wrappers (cut into
four).**

**Here I have steam cooked the veg momos which is the traditional cooking
method.** With steaming method, the stuffing stays moist. But you will find
like fried, tandoori versions at stalls or restaurants.

_Check out other starter or snack recipes_  
Spring rolls // Chilli paneer dry // Cabbage pakoda // Veg manchurian dry //
Samosa

* * *

## How to make Veg Momos Recipe (Step by Step Photos):

* * *

Jump to Recipe

1) **To make the stuffing,** heat the oil in a pan on medium heat-high heat.
Once hot add ginger and garlic.

2) Saute for 30 seconds. Make sure not to burn them.  

3) Now add chopped veggies (onion, cabbage, carrot, capsicum).

4) Mix and continue cooking with stirring constantly for 3-4 minutes.  

5) Veggies will start to soften.

6) Now add salt and pepper.  

7) Again mix and cook for 2 minutes. Be careful not to overcook the
vegetables, we do not want them mushy.

8) Now add spring onion greens and mix.  

9) Also add soy sauce

10) Stir well to combine and turn off the stove. Let the mixture cool down.  

11) **Meantime knead the dough for outer covering**. Mix all purpose flour and
salt in a bowl.

12) Add little water at a time and knead into smooth yet firm dough. Cover it
and let it rest for 10-15 minutes.  

13) Now divide the dough into 20 equal portions and make smooth balls. Take
one ball and roll into 4 inch diameter circle. Keep the edges thinner compared
to center.

14) Put about a tablespoon of stuffing in the center.  

15) **To shape the momos** , Now lift the one side of edge and start pleating
and joining them together as shown in the photo.

16) Then join all of them in the center and seal it. There you have a Potli
shaped momo ready.  

17) For another shape (half moon pleated shape aka potstickers), Roll one ball
to 4 inch diameter circle, put stuffing in the center. For the this shape, we
will keep half edge of the circle as such and rest half circle is pleated and
joined to first half.

18) As you can see, keep pleating as near as possible and keep joining on
other side of the circle.  

19) Here it is ready.

20) Similarly shape all of them. If you do not want to spend time in shaping,
you can just make half moon shape like gujiya and then combine both edges
together. It looks something similar to wontons (aka flower bud or nurse cap
shape).  

21) Now to steam cook them, add glassful of water in a steamer pan and bring
it to a simmer on medium heat. Grease the steamer tray with oil and arrange
the shaped momos on it.

22) _**Steam them for 6-8 minutes. How to check:**_ once cooked, it becomes
transparent, shiny and by touch it won’t feel sticky. DO NOT OVERCOOK them
otherwise it becomes chewy.  
**Serve them hot or warm.**

_**Serving suggestion:**_ Serve veg momos with spicy momos chutney or red
chilli garlic chutney or schezwan sauce as a snack or starter.

Step by Step Photos AboveWant to make it perfect first time? Don't forget to
check out Step-by-Step photo instructions and helpful Tips & Tricks !!

Print Pin

## Momos Recipe (Veg Momos Recipe), How to make momos step by step

4.72 from 21 votes

Tried this recipe? Leave a comment and/or give ★ ratings

Veg Momos Recipe with step by step photos - This is the popular street food in
India which is originally a Tibetan recipe.

Author: Kanan

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: Tibetan

Calories: 168kcal

Servings 20 no.

Prep Time 45 minutes

Cook Time 15 minutes

Total Time 1 hour

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml) See details

### Ingredients  

1x2x3x

#### For veg momos stuffing:

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Oil
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Garlic finely chopped
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Ginger finely chopped
  * ▢ ½ cup Red onion finely chopped
  * ▢ ½ cup Cabbage finely chopped
  * ▢ ½ cup Capsicum (Green bell pepper) finely chopped
  * ▢ ½ cup Carrot finely chopped
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Black pepper powder
  * ▢ ¼ cup Spring onion (green onion or scallion) , green part only finely chopped
  * ▢ 1 ½ teaspoons Soy sauce

#### For outer cover:

  * ▢ 1 cup All purpose flour (Maida)
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ¼ cup + 1 tablespoon Water

### Instructions

#### Making stuffing:

  * Heat the oil on medium-high heat and fry ginger, garlic for few seconds.

  * Then stir fry chopped vegetables with stirring continuously for 3-4 minutes.

  * Now add salt and pepper, stir fry again for 2 minutes.

  * Then mix in spring onion greens and soy sauce and turn off the stove.

  * Let the stuffing cool down.

#### Shaping and steam cooking Veg momos:

  * To make outer covering dough, mix all purpose flour and salt in a bowl, knead into a smooth yet stiff dough by adding little water at a time.

  * Cover the dough and let it rest for 10-15 minutes.

  * Then divide the dough into 20 equal portions and make smooth balls.

  * Work with one ball at a time and roll into 4 inch diameter circle.

  * Put a tablespoon of stuffing in the center and shape the momos as shown in step by step photos above.

  * One shaped all of them. Prepare the steamer by adding a glassful of water in a steamer pan and bring it to a simmer on medium heat.

  * Grease the steamer tray with oil and arrange shaped momos on it.

  * Steam cook them for 6-8 minutes or till the outer layer looks shiny, transparent and by touch it doesn’t feel sticky.

  * Remove from the steamer and serve hot or warm.

### Nutrition

Serving: 5momos | Calories: 168kcal | Carbohydrates: 29.4g | Protein: 4.1g |
Fat: 3.8g | Saturated Fat: 0.5g | Cholesterol: 0mg | Sodium: 274mg |
Potassium: 181mg | Fiber: 2.3g | Sugar: 2.3g | Calcium: 20mg | Iron: 1.8mg

*Nutrition information is a rough estimate for 1 serving

Did you make this recipe?Snap a pic, mention @spice.up.the.curry or tag
#spiceupthecurry. I would love to see.

« Momos Chutney Recipe

11 BEST Lauki Recipes »

5388 shares

  * Facebook662
  * Pinterest4726
  * WhatsApp

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Spely

January 23, 2021 at 9:08 am

This recipe came out very well! Thanks

Reply

    * Kanan Patel

January 23, 2021 at 12:52 pm

Glad that you liked

Reply

  2. Monika

May 26, 2020 at 7:26 pm

I just made momos today and they turned out amazing!!! Every single component
was fantastic!!! I did make some minor changes to fit my family's diet.

To make this gluten-free, I substituted the all-purpose flour with white rice
flour and tapioca starch. I used 1 cup of white rice flour, 1 cup of tapioca
starch, salt, and incorporated boiling water slowly to make the dough. To roll
it, I split the dough into different balls and oiled each ball. Then I put
each ball between parchment paper and rolled them out. Also to retain
moisture, I covered the dough with a wet towel. To heat it, I steamed it for 6
minutes and then pan-fried (2 minutes each side).

For the filling, I wanted to decrease the sodium, so I added 1 tsp of soy
sauce and omitted the salt. I did add more pepper.

For the dipping sauce, I used your momo chutney recipe and it was so
delicious!

I never thought that I would make momos/dumplings in my life. Thank you so
much for sharing this recipe. It will be made very often in our house!!!

Reply

    * Kanan Patel

May 27, 2020 at 3:24 pm

Thank you Monika for the detailed feedback. This may help others who wants
gluten free open.

Reply

« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kanan Patel**. I share easy, delicious vegetarian recipes (mostly
Indian) and Eggless baking recipes that you can sure count on!

More about me →

### Indian Spice Box

### Top Recipes

  * Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies

  * World’s BEST Eggless Brownies

  * Punjabi Shahi Paneer (Restaurant Style)

  * Chipotle Sauce

  * Eggless Banana Muffins Recipe

  * Frankie Recipe (Bombay Veg Frankie Roll)

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Kanan
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Nutrition Disclaimer

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates. Plus get a bonus cooking tips!

### Resources

  * Conversion Chart
  * Glossary
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact

### As Featured In

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 Spice Up The Curry

