https://dailycookingquest.com/chinese-pan-fried-fish-with-soy-sauce.html


Daily Cooking Quest

  * About
  * All Recipes
  * Asian Pantry
  * Indonesian Pantry
  * Indonesian Kitchen

Home / All Recipes / Chinese / Chinese Pan Fried Fish with Soy Sauce

# Chinese Pan Fried Fish with Soy Sauce

Last updated: Feb 25, 2019 -- Published: Sep 16, 2013 -- By: Anita -- 62
comments

> Learn to cook Chinese pan-fried fish fillet with soy sauce, garlic, ginger,
> and scallion. Follow my easy tips to get that perfectly crispy pan-fried
> fish.

  *  __
  *  __
  *  __

#### Ingredients for Chinese Pan Fried Fish with Soy Sauce.

 **Pan-fried fish with soy sauce** is one of the most classic Chinese recipe
to enjoy white fish. Chinese restaurants love to serve their fish whole, and
only sometimes thinly sliced, or in fillet form.

This recipe with fish fillets is the easiest and most straightforward, and you
can have a really nice fish dish for lunch/dinner in 30 minutes, including
prep time. â¥

## Which fish is commonly used in Chinese cooking?

Most Chinese fish recipes call for whole fish, and some of the more popular
fish we use when cooking Chinese dishes include **red snapper** , **rock
rish** , **pomfret** , **flounder/sole** , **sea bass/striped bass** ,
**tilapia** , and **cod**.

If you are using cod, we usually use cod fillets/steaks only and not the whole
fish since cod is a very large fish.

 **The best fish to use is live fish**

I prefer using whole fish when I can buy them still living and kicking in
their tanks, which you should be able too if you have access to a big
Chinese/Asian grocery stores.

In almost every store that I have visited in the US, most will happily clean
and cut the fish for you if you ask, so you can save some prepping time.

Be sure to ask for ice if you do this to keep the fish as fresh for as long as
possible.

Also, cook the fish on the same day you buy it, preferably immediately once
you reach home. :)

#### Ingredients for Chinese Pan-Fried Fish with Soy Sauce.

 **What if I can 't find live fish?**

You can still use whole fish, even when you can't find live ones. Be sure to
select very fresh fish. It should have **clear eyes** , **shiny scales** , and
**fresh smell of the sea** , not fishy or stinky.

 **Can I use fish fillet instead?**

If your grocery store doesn't sell live fish and the whole fish selection is
not great, you can use fish fillet too. In fact, I develop this recipe around
fish fillets, though you can definitely use this recipe to prepare whole fish
too. :)

Please make sure that your fish fillet has **firm flesh** , and if possible,
**with skin on** so you get to enjoy the contrast between crispy skin and
tender flesh.

Feel free to use frozen fish fillets as those can oftentimes have higher
quality than the ones already sitting for hours in the meat section.

#### Chinese Pan Fried Fish with Soy Sauce.

## How to prepare fish fillets so they will be crispy.

First, let's prepare the fish fillet for pan-frying so you will end up with
perfectly crispy pan-fried fish fillets. :)

 **1\. Pat dry each fish fillet with really well**.

This step is super important, especially if you use thawed frozen fish.

 **2\. Salt, pepper, starch/flour**.

Sprinkle each side of the fish fillet with salt and pepper, then dust with
corn starch. If you don't have corn starch and you are not aiming for a
gluten-free dish, you can also simply dust the fish fillet with all-purpose
flour.

 **3\. Shake off excess starch/flour**.

You want to coat your fish well, but not excessively. Too much starch/flour
will actually lead to less crispy fish.

#### Chinese Pan Fried Fish with Soy Sauce.

## How to perfectly cook a pan-fried fish fillet.

Once you do all the steps above, your fish fillets are ready to be cooked.
Here are the steps to follow to ensure crispy fried fish:

 **1\. Use a heavy pan/skillet**.

My preferred choice is a cast-iron skillet, and you really don't need a non-
stick pan to cook a perfect pan-fried fish.

 **2\. Hot pan and cold oil**.

Always heat the pan first before adding oil. So what you want to do is to heat
the pan until you start seeing thin smoke, then add oil and swirl to coat the
pan, then proceed with cooking.

 **3\. Let the fish fillet releases itself from the pan.**

Almost 100% of the time, the fish fillets will initially stick to the pan.
But, once the surface is cooked and becomes golden brown, the fillets will
release itself naturally from the pan.

So have patience and don't try to move your fish in its early stage. You
should at least wait until the edges of the fillet are golden brown before you
try nudging it.

#### Chinese pan-fried fish with soy sauce, using rock fish fillets.

## Sauce for Chinese pan-fried fish

This dish is all about enjoying the fish with as little seasoning ingredients
as possible. And you can see that we use only **garlic** , **ginger** , and
**scallions** for our herbs/aromatics.

As for the sauce, it cannot get any simpler than this. You will only need
three ingredients: **water** , **light soy sauce** , and **sugar**. For most
people, that's practically just soy sauce, right? :)

For light soy sauce, I usually either use Pearl River Bridge or Kimlan.

 **What is a good substitute for light soy sauce?**

The best substitute is regular soy sauce, such as Kikkoman soy sauce,
preferably reduced-sodium soy sauce as I find the regular version too salty.

## Chinese Pan Fried Fish with Soy Sauce

 __________ 5.0 from 43 reviews

Author: Anita Jacobson

Categories: Main Dish

Cuisine: Chinese

Ingredients: Seafood

Prep Time: 15 mins

Cook Time: 15 mins

Total Time: 30 mins

Serves: 2

Print Recipe

### Ingredients

  * 250 gram firm white fish fillet, such as red snapper, tilapia, rockfish, flounder, cod, etc.
  * pinch of salt
  * pinch of ground pepper
  * corn starch, to dust the fish (*)
  * 2 tablespoon cooking oil
  * 4 cloves garlic, cut into small pieces (or roughly minced)
  * 1 inch ginger, peeled and thinly sliced
  * 2 scallions, sliced diagonally
  * Sauce for Chinese fried fish
  * 1/4 cup water
  * 1 tablespoon light soy sauce (**)
  * 2 teaspoon sugar

### Instructions

  1. Pat dry the fish really well, especially so if you use thawed frozen fish fillet. Scatter a pinch of salt and ground pepper on the fish. Dust with corn starch (or all-purpose flour) to coat the fish so it won't stick when fried on the pan. Shake to remove excess starch/flour, and set aside.
  2. Mix all the sauce ingredients together in a bowl and set aside.
  3. Heat frying pan on high heat until you see a thin wisp of smoke. Add oil and swirl to coat the pan, stir fry garlic, ginger, and scallion until fragrant, about 1-2 minutes. Remove from the pan and set aside.
  4. In the same pan, fry the fish for 5 minutes on each side. Flip the fish once at the end of 5 minutes, or once edges of the fish have browned. Otherwise, the fish will stick to the pan. Set the fish on a serving plate.
  5. Reduce the heat to medium and pour the sauce into the pan. Once it bubbles a bit, return the garlic, ginger, and scallion into the sauce. Cook for a minute. Pour the sauce onto the fish. Serve immediately with steamed white rice.

### Notes

  * (*) You can also use all-purpose flour to dust the fish if you don't need the dish to be gluten-free.
  * (**) You can also use regular soy sauce, preferably less-sodium version, if you don't have light soy sauce. If you must, you can also use dark soy sauce but do add salt to suit your taste since dark soy sauce is less salty compared to light soy sauce or regular soy sauce.

## Related recipes

### Har Lok Cantonese Dry Fry Prawns

### Oatmeal Cereal Butter Prawns

### Pan-Fried Fish with Thai Sweet Chili Sauce

### Soy Bean Paste Fish

## Comments

  * Puni says:

June 28, 2015 at 11:09 am

Yummy,thanks

 __________

Reply

  * Chris says:

September 11, 2015 at 07:46 am

Beautiful pictures there. Will be cooking this! Thanks for the recipe, Anita
:)

 __________

Reply

    * Anita says:

September 12, 2015 at 07:00 am

Thanks Chris. I hope you will like this one as well :)

Reply

  * Daniekray says:

July 4, 2016 at 10:05 am

I love this recipe, it'll be my second time using it.....thank you
Anita......much love and thanks from my picky family ,lol..

 __________

Reply

  * Daniel ray says:

July 4, 2016 at 10:07 am

Oops its Daniel ray,,,sorry

 __________

Reply

    * Anita says:

July 5, 2016 at 04:52 am

I am happy you and your family love the recipe :)

Reply

  * teo ai li says:

August 29, 2016 at 04:20 pm

Hi, may I know do you use light soya sauce or dark soya sauce? Thanks!

Reply

    * Anita says:

August 30, 2016 at 07:40 am

I use either regular soy sauce or light soy sauce, but not dark soy sauce.

Reply

  * Nes says:

January 20, 2017 at 04:03 pm

Can I use kembung fish for this sis? Is that ok?

 __________

Reply

    * Anita says:

January 21, 2017 at 03:12 am

Hm.... I am not so sure, usually I use red snapper/rock fish/tilapia.

Reply

  * Himanshu says:

January 21, 2017 at 08:57 pm

Hi, Can we make this recipe using Basa fillets

 __________

Reply

    * Anita says:

January 22, 2017 at 05:57 am

I think basa would also be a good choice :)

Reply

  * Swen Nater says:

February 22, 2017 at 08:53 am

Made this last night. Very good. Very good. Suggestion: Fry in two batches.
Fish will brown better. Suggestion: Make twice the sauce; it's not enough.
Suggestion: Salt fish immediately after frying. Use a wok. Keeper.

 __________

Reply

  * Max says:

January 29, 2018 at 08:46 pm

Can I use dark soy sauce?

Reply

    * Anita says:

January 30, 2018 at 04:06 am

Yes, but Chinese dark soy sauce is generally less salty, so you may want to
adjust by adding a bit of salt to taste. If you have regular soy sauce like
Kikkoman, you can also use that. :)

Reply

  * Jane K says:

December 16, 2018 at 03:29 pm

Ive tried this recipe today and have received great feedbacks from my guests!
thanks !

 __________

Reply

    * Anita says:

December 18, 2018 at 09:20 am

Thanks for the feedback Jane. I am glad your guests love this dish. :)

Reply

  * Christine says:

March 4, 2019 at 11:33 am

How do you make the sauce without Soy sauce? Do you add other liquid. I've
eaten it where the sauce is clear and wondered how that was made. Can you tell
me?

 __________

Reply

    * Anita says:

March 5, 2019 at 10:11 am

Hi Christine, the sauce has light soy sauce in it. Plus, I have also written
in the recipe that you can use regular soy sauce if you don't have light soy
sauce at home.

Reply

  * Tisha says:

March 25, 2019 at 12:58 pm

This looks absolutely amazing! We usually fry fish on the grill will have to
try it in the pan!

 __________

Reply

    * Anita says:

March 26, 2019 at 10:53 am

I love grilled fish too, especially when the weather is nice like summer. :)
For a colder time like now (winter-spring transition), it's more convenient to
just do some pan frying.

Reply

  * Natalie Levin says:

March 25, 2019 at 02:41 pm

I love Chinese fried fish! Looks so delicious and I love how easy it is to
make!

 __________

Reply

  * Dannii says:

March 25, 2019 at 06:09 pm

That looks so lovely and light. I really need to start cooking more Chinese
meals at home.

 __________

Reply

    * Anita says:

March 26, 2019 at 10:55 am

Thank you, Dannii. I hope this recipe will inspire you to prepare more Chinese
dishes.

Reply

  * Noelle says:

March 25, 2019 at 06:34 pm

Love the chinese inspiration to this recipe, soy sauce is my favor flavor!
Thanks for the share :)

 __________

Reply

  * Adrianne says:

March 25, 2019 at 07:47 pm

I love eating seafood and this seems like a simple and easy recipe, thanks for
sharing, I can't wait to give this a go! Cheers

 __________

Reply

    * Anita says:

March 26, 2019 at 10:57 am

We are a family of seafood lovers too. And since I am the one who does all the
cooking in my home, it's a bonus since seafood usually is a snap to prepare.
:D

Reply

  * Ceciel says:

March 27, 2019 at 01:40 am

Thank you for the recipe! it was delicious and simple to make. I will
definitely make it again and again.

 __________

Reply

    * Anita says:

March 27, 2019 at 05:55 am

I am super happy you love this recipe Ceciel. This is definitely one of the
most requested recipe at home, and I make this weekly for my family. :)

Reply

  * Darnell Tuason says:

July 4, 2019 at 05:43 am

Thank You so much! A big help to me since I recently switched to pescetarian
diet. Cheers ð

 __________

Reply

  * Genevieve says:

November 3, 2019 at 12:01 pm

This recipe looks super interesting!

 __________

Reply

  * Calleigh says:

November 3, 2019 at 12:26 pm

Very simple recipe but super delicious especially when you drench the ginger
soy sauce on steamed white rice. Yummy!!

 __________

Reply

  * Tracy says:

November 3, 2019 at 12:44 pm

This was so great! My family absolutely loves it, thank you!

 __________

Reply

  * Tisha says:

November 3, 2019 at 05:36 pm

This chinese fried fish has so many great flavors! Definitely a dish that is
going on my menu!

 __________

Reply

  * Jack says:

December 25, 2019 at 08:58 am

I'm a spearo so I get a lot of delicious fresh fish and have cooked this
recipe a few times. If you wanna make it really extra, add a stalk of lemon
grass, a small red chilli without most of the seeds, finely cut basil and
finely cut coriander. The lemon grass being the main winner if anything!

 __________

Reply

    * Anita says:

December 25, 2019 at 10:11 am

Thanks for sharing your modification. That lemongrass, chili, basil, and
coriander combo sounds delicious. It's so awesome that you are a spearo, you
must be eating freshly caught fish all the time. :)

Reply

  * Dannii says:

December 31, 2019 at 04:30 am

What a lovely light meal. Looks like it has lots of flavour too.

 __________

Reply

  * Nicole says:

December 31, 2019 at 04:50 am

Wow what a great dish, this is perfect for a week night dinner!! Thank you

 __________

Reply

  * Patty at Spoonabilities says:

December 31, 2019 at 06:34 am

I love finding great new fish recipes! Definitely this will be a favorite one
in our house!

 __________

Reply

  * Kelly Anthony says:

December 31, 2019 at 07:18 am

I've always been intimidated to buy a whole fish because I wasn't sure what to
buy. Thanks for the tips.

 __________

Reply

  * Debbie says:

January 27, 2020 at 11:07 pm

What vegetable can you serve with this. My husband does not eat rice or pasta?

Reply

    * Anita says:

February 5, 2020 at 06:46 am

Hi Debbie, I usually serve this with some Chinese greens, such as bok choy,
napa cabbage, gai lan, or even broccoli. You can try some of my recipes:  
\- Bok Choy Stir Fry with Oyster Sauce and Garlic Oil  
\- Broccoli and Mushroom Stir Fry in Oyster Sauce

Reply

  * Sheila D says:

April 22, 2020 at 02:06 pm

This was quick, simple, and delicious! Just the way I like it. A definite
recipe to be kept, shared, and made many times.

 __________

Reply

  * Sarah says:

April 23, 2020 at 09:18 am

Surprisingly delicious considering how easy it is to make. . Definitely a
keeper. I reduce fat by using cooking spray. And I reduced and crushed the
ginger since I only like it in small doses.

 __________

Reply

  * arpita says:

May 8, 2020 at 08:46 pm

We are in the middle of preparing our Lenten menu and this is first on the
list! So easy and so flavorful.

 __________

Reply

  * Leon says:

June 2, 2020 at 09:07 pm

Loved it â¤ï¸

 __________

Reply

  * Chris McMaster says:

June 5, 2020 at 06:43 pm

I made this for dinner tonight with some fresh King Dory Fillets and it was
amazing. Served it with steamed rice. So quick and easy to make and tastes
restaurant quality.

 __________

Reply

  * Paula says:

October 11, 2020 at 08:02 am

This is so simple and incredibly delicious.

 __________

Reply

  * Stacia says:

December 17, 2020 at 06:54 am

I hate fish. But this recipe is delicious. My husband loves fish and I try to
prepare it but have had many failures. This was an absolute success. I will
make extra sauce next time!

 __________

Reply

  * Timothy W says:

January 17, 2021 at 01:55 am

Hi, i am cooking this right now its very simple and looks amazing!

 __________

Reply

  * May says:

March 11, 2021 at 11:53 am

Delicious!

 __________

Reply

  * Lany Susanto says:

April 10, 2021 at 09:12 am

 __________

Reply

  * KW says:

April 15, 2021 at 01:51 am

I donât like ginger, will it be ok without?

Reply

    * Anita says:

April 15, 2021 at 02:24 am

Hi KW, it should be okay without ginger. You may want to increase the amount
of garlic and scallions, each by 50%, to compensate for the lack of flavor
from the ginger.

Reply

      * KW says:

April 15, 2021 at 05:13 am

Thank you so much!! It was incredible - added stir fry veg for extra bite!!

 __________

Reply

  * Akash says:

April 30, 2021 at 03:27 pm

Oh wow this is quick and easy and super great in taste! Had frozen Dory fish
fillets and happened to find this recipe on Google. Talk about serendipity!

 __________

Reply

  * Rich says:

August 12, 2021 at 05:45 am

very good recipe

 __________

Reply

  * LeiLei says:

October 15, 2021 at 05:45 am

Lovely recipe. I didn't have fresh ginger so I used fresh chilies instead,
really nice flavour. Tonight we will try with ginger & sole instead of cod.

 __________

Reply

  * Patricia says:

November 2, 2021 at 10:20 am

Surprisingly delicious for such a simple recipe. I used yellow-bellied perch
because I had it. Iâd recommend this recipe to anyone.

 __________

Reply

  * Tina says:

January 28, 2022 at 07:16 am

What a fantastic recipe! I just finished making and eating this dish! Easy and
fast to make and very forgiving. I didn't have any corn starch so I used plain
flour and panko crumbs and seasoned with salt and pepper - then pan fried with
peanut oil. The sauce which I thought was going to be really salty - turned
out really lovely. The husband came back for seconds :)

 __________

Reply

  * Barry says:

April 7, 2022 at 11:00 am

Delicious! I used swai and it came out great, nice and crisp, and the sauce
complimented it perfectly.

 __________

Reply

  * Kerry says:

July 24, 2022 at 04:37 pm

This is excellent, been cooking this for years since I first saw it. It's
great on white rice, simple, fast, delicious.

 __________

Reply

### Leave a comment

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment

Rate this recipe:

1

2

3

4

5

Name *

Email *

Website

  

1

2

3

4

5

Post Comment

Thank you! Your comment is awaiting moderation.

Something went wrong...

__

### Categories

  * Bread 30
  * Dessert 138
  * Drink 40
  * Main Dish 248
  * One Dish Meal 44
  * Sauce 39
  * Snack 64
  * Soup 82
  * Vegetarian 183

### Cuisines

  * Chinese 244
  * Indonesian 352
  * Japanese 120
  * Korean 16
  * Malaysian 20
  * Thai 20

### Ingredients

  * Beef 58
  * Chicken 172
  * Egg 69
  * Noodles 14
  * Pork 65
  * Rice 45
  * Seafood 75
  * Tofu 76
  * Vegetables 232

### AS FEATURED IN

###  Hi, I am Anita!

I am a Chinese Indonesian currently living in Minnesota with my husband. Have
fun exploring my 700+ authentic and easy Indonesian and Chinese recipes. Read
about Daily Cooking Quest __

  * About
  * All Recipes
  * Asian Pantry
  * Indonesian Pantry
  * Indonesian Kitchen
  * How to Start a Blog

### Free Recipe E-Books!

Join our mailing list to receive TWO free cookbooks and updates on the latest
recipes.

Subscribe

 ____________

Copyright (C) 2022 Daily Cooking Quest

about privacy policy

