https://www.scmp.com/cooking/recipe/hong-kong-style-fish-fragrant-eggplant/article/3040816


##### SCMP Cooking

Hong Kong style fish fragrant eggplant

A member of the SCMP family

Directions

0

/0

Filter

* * *

View Result

  1. Home 

  2. The Chef's way 

Video series with Hong Kong's top chefs

  3. Cooking Tips 

Learn the basic techniques from the best

  4. My Bookmarks 

Find us on

Chinese

#  Hong Kong style fish fragrant eggplant

Medium

30

mins

4-6

people

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * WhatsApp
  * Messenger
  * Email
  * 

* * *

Susan says

Fish-fragrant eggplant (yu heung ke zi in Cantonese and yu xiang qie zi in
Mandarin) is a dish that originated in Sichuan province, where, despite its
name, it is made without fish. In Hong Kong, though, the version served at
most Cantonese restaurants â from upmarket places to dai pai dong â
contains dried salted fish.

Many restaurants serve this bubbling in a clay pot (in which case, the dish is
called yu heung ke zi bo), which is rustic and keeps the contents hot. Because
the ingredients simmer longer, the very tender pieces of eggplant soak up all
the flavours. Briefly cook the ingredients in a wok, scrape into a clay pot
and simmer, covered, on the stovetop for about 15 minutes. Check occasionally
that it is not drying out, and if it is, add more liquid. Alternatively,
simply simmer the ingredients for longer in the covered wok.

There are many types of salted fish. Choose a moist, meaty fillet, not one
thatâs too dry or bony. The eggplants should be as skinny as possible.

Ingredients

200g (7oz)

minced pork

5ml (1tsp)

light soy sauce

5ml (1tsp)

sake or Chinese rice wine (or substitute dry sherry)

Â¼tsp, or more as necessary

granulated sugar

â  tsp

fine sea salt

Â½ tsp

cornstarch

Â¼tsp

finely ground white pepper

40g (1Â½oz)

salted fish fillet

3

red banana chillies, or another type of long, mild chilli

3

medium-sized garlic cloves, peeled

600g (21oz)

Chinese or Japanese eggplants

30g (1oz)

doubanjiang (Chinese chilli bean paste)

10g (â oz)

chilli sauce (choose a chunky version of chopped chillies in oil, not smooth)

cooking oil, as necessary

2

spring onions

Directions

Put the minced pork in a bowl and add the soy sauce, rice wine, sugar, salt,
cornstarch, white pepper and 5ml (1tsp) of cooking oil. Mix well to combine,
then set this aside while preparing the other ingredients.

1/10

Briefly rinse the salted fish under cool running water, then pat it dry with
paper towels. Run your fingers back and forth across the skin and flesh to
feel for scales and bones and if you find any, remove them. Cut the salted
fish into tiny dice.

2/10

Slice the banana chillies on the diagonal into 5mm (Â¼ in) pieces. Roughly
chop the garlic. If the eggplants are very skinny, cut them in half lengthwise
and then into 5cm (2in) lengths. If the eggplants are fatter, quarter them
lengthwise before cutting them into 5cm (2in) lengths.

3/10

Place a wok over a high flame and when itâs hot add 25ml (5tsp) of cooking
oil. Swirl the wok to coat it with the oil. Add half the eggplant and stir-fry
for about two minutes, to lightly coat the pieces with the oil and until the
vegetable starts to lose its deep purple colour. Transfer to a large bowl and
repeat the process with more oil and the remainÂ­ing eggplant.

4/10

Place the wok (no need to wash it) back over a high flame and when itâs hot,
add 15ml (1tbsp) of oil. Place the marinated pork in the wok and use a metal
spaÂ­tula to break it into small pieces. Add the salted fish, banana chillies
and garlic and stir-fry for about 30 seconds. Mix in the doubanjiang and
chilli sauce.

5/10

Add the eggplant back into the wok and mix well. Stir in about 60ml of water,
then lower the heat, cover the wok with the lid and simmer for about 10
minutes, stirring often. (Or put the ingredients in a clay pot and bring to
the simmer on the stovetop. Cover with the lid and proceed with the recipe.)

6/10

Add the eggplant back into the wok and mix well. Stir in about 60ml (4tbsp) of
water, then lower the heat, cover the wok with the lid and simmer for about 10
minutes, stirring often. (Or put the ingredients in a clay pot and bring to
the simmer on the stove top. Cover with the lid and proceed with the recipe.)

7/10

Lift the lid and stir the ingredients, then taste for seasonings. If you like
it spicier, add more doubanjiang and/or chilli sauce, sprinkling in more sugar
to balance the heat. The mixture should be saucy â if it seems too dry, add
more water. Stir the ingredients again, then cover with the lid and simmer for
about 10 minutes, stirring often. Cook until the eggplant is very tender but
not falling apart. Check the seasonings and correct, if necessary.

8/10

9/10

Scoop the mixture into a serving dish (or serve out of the clay pot). Cut the
spring onions into 5mm (Â¼in) pieces and scatter them over the ingredients
before serving with steamed rice and stir-fried vegetables.

10/10

Chinese  Dinner  Vegetables  Medium

* * *

Liking this recipe?

Now you can save the recipe you into your own collection.

Sign up to our newsletter

Fresh recipes straight to your inbox. A curated collection of Asian dishes to
make at home.

Thanks, you're on the list!

Error, please try again later.

Please enter a valid email address.

By registering, you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy.

Find us on facebook

Join our community and get the latest recipes from all over Asia for you to
make at home.

##### SCMP

### SCMP Cooking

Find us on

* * *

About UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy

Â© 2022 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd.Â All rights reserved.

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * WhatsApp
  * Messenger
  * Email
  * 

#####  Welcome to SCMP Cooking

* * *

We'll be showing you a whole range of Asian dishes for you to cook at home.
We're starting small but are thinking (and planning) big - we'll be adding
recipes to the site every week, and will expand to include international
dishes, cooking videos, interviews with famous chefs and much more. Be sure to
sign up to receive our weekly newsletter!

Thanks, you're on the list!

Error, please try again later.

Please enter a valid email address.

By registering, you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy.

