https://sinfullyspicy.com/2021/08/09/paneer-chowmein/#ingredients-needed-for-paneer-chowmein


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Contact
  * About

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Contact
  * About

×

Home » Indian Streetfood & Indo Chinese

# Paneer Chowmein

Published: Aug 9, 2021 · Modified: Feb 2, 2022 by Tanvi · This post may
contain affiliate links

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

**_Paneer_ Chowmein**. **Spicy** **stir frie** d indo chinese style noodles
tossed with green chillies, colorful peppers and lightly browned _**paneer**_
batons in a sauce made with soy, ginger and spices. The savory flavors of
these noddles combined with milky softness of _paneer_ and kick from fresh
green chilies is just heavenly.  

If you go to Delhi, you will find how _paneer_ strangely finds its way into
almost everything! Therecould not be a better example of how, us ,
_dillivalas_ can create mouthwatering recipes with **_paneer_**. There are
many _indo chinese dishes_ popular with _paneer_ \- from chilli _paneer_ to
machurian and these chowmein are lip smackingly good!

I studied at Delhi College of Engineering in the campus located in the
outskirts of the walled city.. When you live away from the main hub, the
eateries around the campus become a huge part of your student life. This
chowmein was the star dish at this place called _Apsara_ restaurant. Strangely
so, I vividly remember the seating, neon walls, huge wall decals and layout of
the place even after more than two decades. It was the coolest place with fun
milkshakes, ice creams, _chaat_ , street food and some bomb indo chinese. We
thronged it often and _paneer_ chowemin with serious amounts of green chilies
was my favorite thing to order.

Jump to:

  * What is Paneer Chowmein?
  * Ingredients Needed For Paneer Chowmein 
  * Visual Steps of Making Paneer Chowmein
  * Few Tips 
  * Other Indo Chinese recipes to try 
  * Paneer Chowmein Recipe (Noodles)

## What is Paneer Chowmein?

Nothing fancy, these are indo chinese style noodles. Indo Chinese cuisine is
one of its kind and is brainchild of indians who took cues from the cuisine of
chinese visitors who came via the silk route. Over time, Indians developed one
of a kind of fusion of cuisines. These noodles bear resemblance to the chinese
chowmein in that the noodles are stir fried in a kick ass sauce. However, this
dish isn't remotely chinese - much like most indo chinese dishes.

Boiled Hakka noodles are tossed with vegetables, paneer and a stir fry sauce.
The stir fry sauce is made with indo chinese condiments.

## Ingredients Needed For Paneer Chowmein

You Will Need common indo chinese sauces for the stir fry sauce, paneer,
vegetables and Noodles.

  * **Noodles** :-Any good chowmein needs to have a great sauce, vegetables cut in a certain way and in my opinion, the quality of noodles matters the most. The noodles have to be thick enough to crisp during stir frying but not too doughy. I like using Chings Hakka noodles. Or choose chowmein noodles available at asian or American stores. 

  * **Vegetables** \- I use colored bell peppers, however thinly sliced cabbage and carrot sticks will work great too. 
  * **Paneer** \- Milky Un aged Indian Cheese. Easily available at indian stores or at Whole Foods (Gopi Brand)
  * For The **Sauce** You will need:-

  1. Ching's Green Sauce
  2. Maggi Hot & Sweet Sauce - Replace With Sriracha & bit of tomato paste
  3. Dark Soy Sauce
  4. Vinegar
  5. Pinch of Coriander & Red chili powder 
  6. Ground Black Pepper
  7. Pinch of Ajinomoto (can be skipped)

## Visual Steps of Making Paneer Chowmein

## Few Tips

This is a very **simple & quick chowmein recipe** with few steps. Just keep a
few things in mind. Here are few of my tips.

  * Whichever kind you choose, make sure the noodles are neither too thin or too thick. While selecting, keep in mind that the noodles should crisp up a bit when stir fried on high heat.
  * The way you cut the vegetables for the stir fried noodles make a huge difference. Do no cut the vegetables in chunks. Try to thinly slice them lengthwise at an angle. This also makes sure that the vegetables don't over or under cook.
  * I always say this and repeating again that indo-chinese food gets its taste from indian condiments. Substitutes great work but the taste is worth a visit to Indian store. 

## Other Indo Chinese recipes to try

  * Chicken Manchurian
  * Green Chili & Garlic Noodles
  * Gobi Manchurian
  * Vegetable Hakka Noodles
  * Chili Chicken
  * Vegetable Manchurian

## Paneer Chowmein Recipe (Noodles)

Stir fried indo chinese style noodles tossed with green chillies, peppers and
browned paneer in a sauce made with soy, ginger, chilli sauce and spices.
Savory & Spicy!

5 from 6 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 30 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Chinese, Indian

Servings 4

Calories 486 kcal

### Equipment

  * Stir fry Wok or Pan

  * Chopping Board & Knife

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 200 g hakka noodles
  * 3 tablespoon oil
  * 2 tablespoon garlic, finely chopped
  * 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, finely chopped
  * 1 small onion, sliced
  * 3 scallion, white & green parts chopped separately
  * 4-5 chopped or whole thai bird green chillies, adjust to taste
  * ½ cup bell peppers, thinly sliced lengthwise
  * 100 g Paneer, cut into small batons
  * Salt 

#### For the Sauce

  * 1 tablespoon Chings dark soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoon Chings green chili sauce
  * 1.5 tbsp  Maggi Hot & Sweet Sauce
  * ½ tablespoon honey, or to taste 
  * generous pinch coriander powder
  * red chili powder, to taste, optional 
  * ½ teaspoon fresh ground black pepper
  * 1 teaspoon white vinegar, or to taste

### Instructions



  * Add all the sauce ingredients to a bowl and mix well. Set aside. 

  * Cook noodles as per package instructions. Drain, massage with little oil and keep ready. 

  * In a large wok, add oil and heat up. Add onions, ginger, garilc, scallion white part and green chillies all at once to the wok.Stir fry on high heat for about 2 minutes. Don't brown too much. 

  * Next add the paneer to the wok, sprinkle a pinch of salt and stir fry on high heat just for a couple minutes till it crips a bit. Add the bell peppers and toss for 2 minutes. 

  * Next add the noodles to the wok.Pour over the sauce. 

  * Using tongs or chopsticks or two forks, toss everything together until the noodles are coated in the sauce and everything is heated through. Let stir fry for about 2 minutes on high heat so that the noddles crisp up a bit.

  * Remove from heat and add the green part of scallions. Serve immediately.

### Nutrition

Calories: 486kcalCarbohydrates: 65.8gProtein: 13.2gFat: 19.4gSaturated Fat:
6.2gPolyunsaturated Fat: 7gMonounsaturated Fat: 2.4gCholesterol: 26.8mgSodium:
1855mgPotassium: 352mgFiber: 4gSugar: 10.8g

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

## More Indian Streetfood & Indo Chinese

  * Singapore Street Noodles

  * Gochujang Noodles

  * Aloo Chaat Recipe -Delhi Style

  * Matar Kulcha (Delhi Style Matar)

Filed Under: Indian Streetfood & Indo Chinese Tagged With: indo chinese
recipes, indo chinese vegetarian recipes, paneer chowmein, sinfullyspicy,
sinfullyspicy recipes

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Sowmya

August 11, 2021 at 4:20 pm

Looks delicious and inviting Tanvi

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Tanvi!** If you love Indian food, you are at the right place, browse
through hundreds of authentic Indian recipes

More about me ?

### Popular

  * Lauki Ki Kheer

  * Hot Garlic Sauce

  * Amritsari Fish (Indian Style Fried Fish)

  * Dahi Baingan

  * Oats Roti -Gluten Free Roti Recipe

  * Spicy Indian Baked Salmon

  * Ginger Plum Bars

  * Mohabbat Ka Sharbat

  * Dal Bukhara Recipe

  * Karachi Biscuits Recipe

  * Indian Lamb Curry

  * Mango Phirni (With Condensed Milk)

  * Masala Macaroni

  * Sprouted Moong Chaat

  * Chicken Kali Mirch (With Gravy)

  * Chocolate Kulfi

## Footer

back to top

### About

  * Recipe Index 

### Subscribe

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact

Copyright © 2021 Sinfully Spicy

