https://www.connoisseurusveg.com/crispy-tofu-chinese-black-bean-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
    * Contact
    * Photo Use Policy
  * Search

### SUBSCRIBE

Sign up for email updates and receive a free copy of my veggie burger e-book!

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Free Veggie Burger Book
  * About

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

You are here: Home / Entrees / Tofu with Chinese Black Bean Sauce

LAST UPDATED: May 2, 2022 • FIRST PUBLISHED: May 2, 2022

# Tofu with Chinese Black Bean Sauce

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_This Chinese-style tofu with black bean sauce is absolutely delicious and
super easy to make! Made with pan-fried tofu, fermented soybeans, ginger and
garlic, it's loaded with flavor and almost as easy as ordering takeout!_

It's no secret at this point that I'm fond of recreating vegan versions of my
old favorite Chinese restaurant dishes. In fact, I've got an entire collection
of Chinese-inspired vegan recipes!

Tofu with black bean sauce is one of those dishes. I used to love ordering it
at the Chinese vegetarian restaurant near my old office, but I had no idea
what was involved in making it. In fact, I initially thought the black beans
were the same black beans I kept cans of in my pantry for making stuff like
chili and black bean burritos.

I was wrong! **_The black beans used to make black bean tofu are actually
fermented black soybeans, also known as douchi._** Because they're fermented
they add a lot of umami flavor to dishes. A little bit of these beans go a
long way! In particular they make an absolutely scrumptious sauce for pan-
fried tofu.

Jump to:

  * Ingredients You'll Need
  * How It's Made
  * Leftovers & Storage
  * More Chinese-Inspired Tofu Recipes
  * Tofu with Chinese Black Bean Sauce

## Ingredients You'll Need

  * **_Fermented black beans._** Also known as douchi, look for these in Asian markets. You can also buy them online. Don't try to substitute the canned black beans you'd find at the supermarket — they will not work and your sauce will taste all wrong.
  *  ** _Peanut oil._** You can substitute just about any high-heat oil, such as corn oil, canola oil, or coconut oil.
  *  ** _Scallions._**
  *  ** _Garlic._**
  *  ** _Ginger._**
  *  ** _Soy sauce._** Liquid aminos or gluten-free tamari could be substituted if needed.
  *  ** _Granulated sugar._** Make sure your sugar is organic in order to keep the recipe vegan.
  *  ** _Rice wine vinegar._** Look for this in the international foods section of your supermarket, or find it in the Asian market when you go there to buy your beans.
  *  ** _Sambal oelek._** This chili paste can be found in the international section at most supermarkets. Sririacha works as a substitute for this, or you can leave it out for a heat-free version of tofu with black bean sauce.
  *  ** _Cornstarch._**
  *  ** _Toasted sesame oil._**
  *  ** _Tofu._** Extra-firm or super firm tofu for this recipe. If you use extra firm tofu it will need to be pressed before cooking.
  *  ** _Cooked rice._** This is for serving with your tofu. I prefer jasmine rice, but use your favorite.

## How It's Made

**_The following is a detailed photo tutorial on how to make this dish. Scroll
all the way down if you'd like to skip right to the recipe!_**

  * Start by rehydrating your black beans. Place them in a small container and cover them with hot water. Let them soak for an hour to soften up.
  * Drain the beans and mash them with a fork.

  * To make your sauce, start by heating up some oil in a small saucepan. Add your aromatics: chopped scallions (white parts only), minced garlic, and grated ginger. Cook everything briefly.

  * Stir in some water, along with your black beans, soy sauce, sugar, rice wine vinegar, and sambal oelek. Let the sauce simmer for about 10 minutes.

  * After 10 minutes, stir some cold water and cornstarch together in a small cup, then pour the mixture into your sauce.
  * Bring the sauce back up to a simmer. It should thicken slightly. Take if off of the burner once it does, then stir in some sesame oil.

  * Pan-fry your tofu while the sauce simmers. Heat some oil in a skillet and cook pieces of cut tofu for about 10 minutes on each side, until they're golden brown.

**_Tip: _ **I like to cut my tofu into triangles for this recipe, but feel
free to dice it or cut it into strips if that's your preference.**__**

  * Pour the sauce over your cooked tofu. Stir everything up, and once it comes to a simmer you can take the skillet off of heat.

  * Add the green parts of your scallions to your skillet. Your black bean tofu is now ready to serve!

## Leftovers & Storage

Leftover tofu with black bean sauce will keep in an airtight container **_in
the refrigerator for about 4 days._**

## More Chinese-Inspired Tofu Recipes

  * Kung Pao Tofu
  * Crispy Orange Tofu
  * Sticky Sesame Tofu
  * Tofu Stir-Fry with Garlic Sauce
  * General Tso's Tofu

_**Like this recipe? If so, _please stop back and leave me a review and rating
below if you try it!_ **Also be sure to follow me on Facebook, Pinterest or
Instagram, or subscribe to my newsletter for more recipes like this one!_

5 from 2 votes

Print

## Tofu with Chinese Black Bean Sauce

This Chinese-style tofu with black bean sauce is absolutely delicious and
super easy to make! Made with pan-fried tofu, fermented soybeans, ginger and
garlic, it's loaded with flavor and almost as easy as ordering takeout!

Course Entree

Cuisine American, Chinese

Prep Time 15 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Soak Time 1 hour

Total Time 1 hour 35 minutes

Servings 4

Calories 201 kcal

Author Alissa

### Ingredients

  * ¼ cup fermented black beans (douchi)
  * 2 tablespoons peanut oil, divided
  * 2 scallions, white and green parts separated and chopped
  * 3 garlic cloves, minced
  * 2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger
  * ⅔ cup water
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce, plus more to taste (I used 2 tablespoons)
  * 1 tablespoon organic granulated sugar
  * 1 tablespoon rice vinegar
  * 1 teaspoon sambal oelek
  * 1 tablespoon cold water
  * 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil
  * 1 teaspoon cornstarch
  * 1 (15 ounce) package super firm or extra firm tofu _(Note 1)_ , drained and cut into 1-inch triangles _(Note 2)_
  * Cooked rice, for serving

US Customary \- Metric

### Instructions

  1. Place the beans into a small bowl and cover them with hot water. Let them soak for 1 hour.

  2. Drain the beans then mash them with a fork.

  3. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a small saucepan.

  4. When the oil is hot, add the white parts of your scallions, along with the garlic and ginger. Sauté everything for about 1 minute, until very fragrant.

  5. Stir in ⅔ cup of water, along with the mashed beans, soy sauce, sugar, rice vinegar, and sambal oelek.

  6. Raise the heat and bring the mixture to a simmer. Lower the heat and let it cook at a low simmer for 10 minutes.

  7. While the sauce simmers, coat the bottom of a medium skillet with the remaining tablespoon of oil and place it over medium heat.

  8. When the oil is hot, add the tofu pieces in an even layer. Allow them to cook for about 10 minutes, flipping halfway through, until golden brown on both sides.

  9. After the sauce has simmered for 10 minutes, stir the cold water and cornstarch together in a small container, then add the mixture to the sauce.

  10. Bring the sauce back to a simmer. Once it thickens up (after about 30 seconds), remove the pot from heat and stir in the sesame oil.

  11. Carefully pour the sauce into the skillet with the tofu. It should quickly come to a simmer. Stir everything to combine, then remove the skllet from heat and add the green parts of your scallions.

  12. Serve the black bean tofu with rice.

### Recipe Notes

  1. If using extra firm tofu, it will need to be pressed before cooking.
  2. I like to cut my tofu into 32 triangles. Start by cutting your block, length-wise, into 8 rectangles. Cut each rectangle in half to make 2 squares. Cut each square in half to make 2 triangles.
  3. Nutrition information does not include rice.

Nutrition Facts

Tofu with Chinese Black Bean Sauce

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 201 Calories from Fat 126

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 14g **22%**

Saturated Fat 2.5g **13%**

 **Sodium** 842mg **35%**

 **Potassium** 208mg **6%**

 **Carbohydrates** 9.6g **3%**

Fiber 2.8g **11%**

Sugar 4.4g **5%**

 **Protein** 13.5g **27%**

**Calcium** 226mg **23%**

 **Iron** 2mg **11%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

« Easy Vegetable Fritters with Chipotle Mayo

Vegan Blueberry Muffins »

Sharing is caring!

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Email

#### About Alissa Saenz

Hi, I'm Alissa! I'm a former attorney turned professional food blogger. I love
creating vegan recipes with bold flavors! You can read more about me here.

I'd love to connect with you on Facebook, Instagram, or Pinterest.

### Subscribe

Subscribe for email updates and receive a free copy of my veggie burger
e-book!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Claudia says

March 02, 2015 at 2:23 pm

Great I like black bean sauce but always find it to sweet.....not any more

Reply

  2. Kristin says

August 10, 2015 at 10:35 am

Alissa, this looks really good! I've been trying to make more dishes with tofu
lately! I might just have to try this! ;)

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

August 11, 2015 at 8:06 am

Thanks Kristin!

Reply

  3. Sarah says

June 11, 2016 at 8:41 am

This is soooo good! Made it yesterday with zucchini (didn't have any
broccoli)... Thank you for the recipe :)

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

June 11, 2016 at 8:03 pm

Awesome! I can imagine zucchini would be delicious with this. Thanks Sarah!

Reply

  4. Mac says

May 09, 2019 at 9:41 pm

How much tofu is this sized to cover, and do you prefer to add the chili paste
to the food processor or the saucepan?

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

May 12, 2019 at 4:32 pm

Oops! The chili paste goes into the saucepan (my omission, by mistake), and
I'm guessing the tofu got deleted by mistake when I updated my site design - I
just added it back, and it's 14 ounces. Thanks for asking!

Reply

  5. in2insight says

October 14, 2020 at 3:32 pm

  
I finally made this, and it is so good!  
Pretty easy to bring together, lovely flavors and just the right amount of
kick.  
Ended up air frying the tofu to cut down on some oil.  
Thank you for sharing!

Reply

  6. Dega says

May 06, 2022 at 3:37 pm

How or when would you add some veggies like broccoli, red pepper, &/or carrots
and would the sauce recipe have to be increased?

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

May 08, 2022 at 9:15 pm

You could either steam them or stir-fry them in a bit of oil. I'd probably
make a bit of extra sauce just to make sure you have enough.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Alissa!** I'm a former attorney turned professional food blogger. I
love creating vegan recipes with bold flavors!

More about me →

### Popular

  * The Best Vegan Banana Bread

  * Crispy Baked Teriyaki Tofu

  * Creamy Vegan Rice Pudding

  * Classic Lentil Soup

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up for emails and updates

### Contact

  * About
  * Contact
  * Photo Use Policy

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Learn more here.

Copyright © 2013-2022 Tofu Press LLC & Alissa Saenz

284 shares

  * 37
  *   * 247
  * 

