https://www.chinasichuanfood.com/pan-fried-tofu-with-black-bean-sauce/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

# China Sichuan Food

menu icon

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Tofu and Beans

# Pan-fried Tofu with Black Bean Sauce

January 11, 2019 by Elaine 22 Comments | Jump to Recipe

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest7272

_Pan-fried crispy tofu with black bean sauce（豆豉豆腐）. It is a very simple tofu
dish require any 5 ingredients but taste super yummy. And most important it is
super fast, easy, and requiring just basic cooking skills._

Fermented Chinese black beans is the underrated star for Chinese cuisine.
However in Cantonese cuisine and Sichuan cuisine, it is one of the most
ingredients. In Sichuan cuisine, fermented black beans is the key seasoning
for lots of famous Sichuan dishes like Mapo tofu, twice cooked pork and other
water boiled dishes. Thousands of miles away, in Cantonese, people love to
steam dishes with those yummy beans, like steamed ribs with black bean sauce
and steamed chicken feet. With the magic flavors bought by the fermentation
process, we can turn regular and plain ingredients like tofu into yummy stuff
in minutes.

### Cook's Note

  1. Don't cut tofu into too thin slices. An appropriate thickness can help to create a crisp shell and soft inside. Thin slices usually dry out after pan-frying.
  2. Roughly chopping the fermented black beans can make take full flavors. For convenience, you can make a sauce.

### Ingredients

  * 1 block of firm tofu
  * 2 tbsp. cooking oil
  * 1 tbsp. fermented black beans or black bean sauce
  * 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped
  * 1 tbsp. light soy sauce
  * 2 tbsp. stock or water
  * ¼ tsp. sugar
  * a small bunch of garlic sprouts (蒜苗) or scallion

### Instructions

Cut tofu into thick slices (around 2 cm thick).

Prepare a non-stick pan, pour in 2 tablespoons of cooking oil, place the tofu
slices in. And fry tofu until crispy one one side and then slow down the fire
and fry the other side until crispy and golden brown too.

Transfer tofu out and leave the oil in. Place garlic and chopped fermented
black beans or black bean sauce in and fry for 10 seconds over medium to low
fire until aromatic.

Place tofu, light soy sauce, stock or water and garlic sprouts. Fry and toss
until each piece is well coated.

Serve hot!

### Other tofu dishes

  1. Mapo tofu
  2. Steamed tofu
  3. Crispy sesame tofu
  4. Kung pao tofu
  5. Sweet and sour tofu
  6. Scrambled tofu
  7. Pan-fried tofu with chive and egg

## Pan-fried tofu with black bean sauce

Super delicious pan-fried tofu with black bean sauce

5 from 8 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Side Dish

Cuisine: Chinese

Keyword: Black bean sauce, tofu

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 20 minutes

Servings: 2

Calories: 139kcal

Author: Elaine

### Ingredients

  * 1 box firm tofu
  * 2 tbsp. vegetable cooking oil
  * 1 tbsp. fermented black beans or black bean sauce
  * 2 cloves garlic  , finely chopped
  * 1 tbsp. light soy sauce
  * 2 tbsp. water
  * ¼ tsp. sugar
  * a small bunch of garlic sprouts (蒜苗) or scallion

### Instructions

  * Cut tofu into 2 cm thick slices.

  * Prepare a non-stick pan, pour in 2 tablespoons of cooking oil, place the tofu slices in. And fry tofu until crispy one one side and then slow down the fire and fry the other side until crispy and golden brown too.

  * Transfer tofu out and leave the oil in. Place garlic and chopped fermented black beans or black bean sauce in and fry for 10 seconds over medium to low fire until aromatic.

  * Place tofu, light soy sauce, stock or water  and garlic sprouts. Fry and toss until each piece is well coated.

### Nutrition

Calories: 139kcal | Carbohydrates: 2g | Protein: 1g | Fat: 14g | Saturated
Fat: 12g | Sodium: 414mg | Vitamin C: 0.9mg | Calcium: 5mg | Iron: 0.2mg



« ABC Vegetable Soup

Szechuan Beef Stir Fry »

### You may also like

## Steamed Scallion Buns-Hua Juan

June 2, 2016

## Chinese Hamburger(Rou Jia Mo)-Pork Belly Buns

January 8, 2021

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Kay

February 03, 2019 at 1:11 am

How long can you keep an unopened jar of Black Bean Sauce? More than a year?

Reply

    * Elaine

February 03, 2019 at 9:32 am

Do you mean the store bought black bean sauce? Usually in fridge no more than
1 month. We use this sauce very quickly in daily cooking.

Reply

  2. Maureen

February 23, 2019 at 8:41 am

  
This tastes delicious! My tofu always sticks to the pan and breaks when I turn
it over. It is not as pretty in the bowl as yours. Thank you for your
wonderful recipes. They are the most authentic to China that I ever see.

Reply

    * Elaine

February 24, 2019 at 9:21 am

Maureen,  
Easily broken tofu pieces is caused by the extra water in the block. Next
time, place a weight on the tofu block and remove water and try again. Thanks
so much for the wonderful feedback.

Reply

  3. Robert

June 05, 2019 at 9:17 pm

  
I was planning on making this a couple of weeks ago after I cooked your Kung
Pao Chicken recipe but just got around to it last night. This was another
really good recipe from your site. I will be making it again soon. I may add
an extra tablespoon of stock next time just to create a little more sauce but
that is just a personal preference. Thanks again for the recipe.

Robert

Reply

    * Elaine

June 07, 2019 at 7:19 pm

Thanks Robert for the feedback. This is a hidden star in my kitchen. Very
quick and humble.

Reply

  4. Andrea

July 30, 2019 at 10:56 am

  
Just made this now. This is very tasty and fragrant! I added bell peppers,
didn't have scallions.

Reply

    * Elaine

July 30, 2019 at 8:09 pm

Thanks Andrea!!

Reply

  5. Joann

December 11, 2019 at 1:29 pm

  
Made this tonight and really enjoyed it. I did add some red bell pepper just
because I'm trying to get more vegetables on the table. My family really
enjoyed it. Thank you!

Reply

    * Elaine

December 11, 2019 at 8:07 pm

Sure, Joann. You can add lots of vegetables and make this a healthier dish.
Happy cooking!

Reply

  6. LK

May 02, 2020 at 11:40 pm

  
This is 2nd time I made this dish. First time I used tau kwa cos I thought
that was the right one... turned out very beany taste, too beany for my liking
lol.

2nd time I used firm tofu as instructed and it was good (no strong beany
taste). I also crushed the dou chi instead of chopping and it seems to
distribute flavors more evenly, and added some torn pieces of dried chilli
(chao tian jiao). Turned out awesome.

Amazed something so simple turns out so good. Much better than the fare we get
outside. Thanks for sharing!  
<333

Reply

    * LK

May 02, 2020 at 11:46 pm

ps: the chillis I have look like your Bullet Head Chili (Zi Dan Tou, 子弹头)
instead of chao tian jiao which is what it says on the packaging lol.

Reply

      * Elaine

May 05, 2020 at 7:21 am

Can be used alternatively in most cases.

Reply

    * Elaine

May 05, 2020 at 7:19 am

Thanks Lk for your lovely feedback. I often cook unbelievably delicious
flavors with very simple ingredients. I believe this one is on the list.
Adding dried chili is a brilliant idea. Happy cooking.

Reply

  7. Janet

March 17, 2021 at 3:35 am

So, if I just use the black beans from the bag should I rinse or soak them? I
usually do, but for this quick recipe I'm not sure.

Reply

    * Elaine

May 07, 2021 at 8:51 am

If you want a lighter version, you can soak them to remove the some salt. But
I don't do this in all of my recipes.

Reply

  8. Kelly Figiel

April 27, 2021 at 7:32 am

  
We have made it twice. My family loves it. We add red pepper fakes for a
little kick.

Reply

    * Kelly Figiel

April 27, 2021 at 7:32 am

*flakes

Reply

  9. Andrw Wheeler

May 27, 2021 at 5:22 am

I love your website and your recipes. Would like menu suggestions. As in what
to serve with this dish. Especially vegetables.

Andrew

Reply

    * Elaine

May 27, 2021 at 9:56 am

Good suggestion, Andrw!

Reply

  10. Lavender

April 05, 2022 at 9:56 pm

  
Thank you so much for this recipe. I made this for my wife and we both loved
it so much. One of my favourite tofu recipes!

Reply

    * Elaine

April 08, 2022 at 10:35 am

My pleasure, Lavender. I am so happy to hear that.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Hi, Welcome!

Please not be limited by site name, as Elaine shares Chinese recipes beyond
Sichuan dishes. Know me more from  About Page

  * Facebook
  * Google+
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Find Recipes

Search

##  Email List

Subscribe Our Email list to get updates and recipes

## Footer

↑ back to top

  * Privacy Policy. Disclaimer. About. Hot Pot cookbook

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 ChinaSichuanFood.com | All Rights Reserved

  *   * 

