https://www.myplantifulcooking.com/tofu-in-black-bean-sauce/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Newsletter
  * Breakfast
  * Mains
  * Desserts
  * Contact

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Home » Mains & Entrees

# Tofu in Black Bean Sauce

Published: Apr 30, 2021 · Modified: May 24, 2021 by Meesha · This post may
contain affiliate links

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Skip the Chinese takeout and make this black bean sauce tofu instead ! It is
saucy, flavorful & rich, & happens to be vegan & healthy too.

This black bean sauce tofu is definitely one of my favorite Chinese dish to
make, other than Kung Pao chickpeas and vegan dumplings. They taste really
gourmet, and no one will know that this dish is made in under 30 minutes !

Jump to:

  * 🧂What is black bean sauce 
  * 🧄What you will need 
  * 📓Notes / Substitutions 
  * 🔪How to make
  * ❔Commonly asked questions 
  * 🍽More Vegan Chinese Dishes 
  * 📖 Recipe

## 🧂What is black bean sauce

This salty, pungent fermented paste is primary made from fermented black
soybeans, which is also known as 豆豉 ( douchi ). They are then being slightly
mashed up and simmered with aromatics, the most popular one being garlic.

This super versatile seasoning is commonly being used in Chinese cooking, and
can be incorporated into stir-fries, as a marinade, or even in fried rice !

They can be found in most well-stocked groceries or Asian food market, but you
can also get yours off an online retailer like Amazon.

## 🧄What you will need

## 📓Notes / Substitutions

  * **To make this oil-free** , you can choose to pan-fry the tofu without oil, or bake them in the oven at 180 c / 350 f for 20 minutes. Use ¼ cup of broth or water to saute the vegetables instead of oil. 
  * Make this gluten-free by using gluten-free soy sauce or tamari. 
  * You can use any kinds of bell peppers in place of the ones suggested. 
  * Be sure to use extra firm tofu ! 

## 🔪How to make

If you have yet to do so, start off by pressing your tofu either by using a
tofu press, or do it manually by stacking heavy objects on it, like ceramic
plates, pots or pan. Refer to this blog post on how to press tofu for a more
detailed guide. Cut them into bite-sized cubes.

In a zip-top bag, add in tofu together with cornstarch and salt. Toss the bag
until tofu are well coated.

Heat up 1 tablespoon of oil in a cast-iron skillet / non-stick pan on medium
high heat. Place tofu cubes into the pan in one layer. Cook the tofu for 3-4
minutes on each sides, or until most sides are golden brown. ( I do recommend
using a flexible spatula to aid the turning part. ) Set aside.

Heat up another tablespoon of neutral oil in the same pan and toss in onion.
Saute for 3-4 minutes, or until translucent. Next, stir in garlic and cook for
another 1-2 minutes until they are fragrant.

Add the bell peppers and cook until the have softened, about 3-4 minutes. Toss
in the pan-fried tofu together with black bean sauce and stir-fry sauce. Toss
until everything is well mixed before turning off heat. Garnish black bean
tofu with some chopped green onions and serve.

## ❔Commonly asked questions

**What is black bean sauce made of ?**

It is made from fermented black soy beans, which are preserved in brine. Other
aromatics such as garlic are oftentimes added to accompany its unique strong
taste, alongside other seasonings like soy sauce and sugar to balance out the
flavor.

**Where can you find it ?**

Black bean sauce can be found in most well-stocked groceries, either at the
cooking ingredients aisle or the international food aisle. You can also try
finding them at your local Asian / Chinese food market. You can also purchase
them off online retailers such as Amazon.

**Is it gluten-free ?**

As all ingredients used in this black bean sauce tofu, including the black
bean paste itself is gluten-free, this dish is free from gluten. The only
thing to take note is to get soy sauce that is gluten-free or use tamari
instead as some might be cross-contaminated during processing.

**Does tofu needs to be pressed ?**

Yes, it is necessary to press the extra firm tofu to remove excess moisture,
hence they can absorb flavors much more easily. Pressing also improves their
texture.

**How to pan fry tofu without oil ?**

First of all, do make sure you are using a good non-stick pan or well-seasoned
cast iron skillet. Heat the pan over medium heat and place tofu in one layer.
Cook each sides for 4-5 minutes, or until golden brown before gently flipping
them over using a flexible spatula.  
  
Repeat until tofu cubes are nicely browned on most side. You will now have
yourself some nicely seared oil-free pan-fried tofu !

## 🍽More Vegan Chinese Dishes

  * Easy Vegan Dumplings 
  * Stir-fry Rice Vermicelli 
  * Chinese Seitan Stir-fry
  * Steamed Yam Cake

If you did make this recipe, do leave a rating and comment down below, we love
hearing from you! Subscribe to My Plantiful Cooking to get new recipes
delivered straight to your inbox! Follow us on Instagram, Facebook and
Pinterest to get the latest updates. 😉

## 📖 Recipe

## Tofu in Black Bean Sauce

Meesha

Skip the Chinese takeout and make this black bean sauce tofu instead ! It is
saucy, flavorful & rich, & happens to be vegan & healthy too.

5 from 1 vote

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Total Time 30 mins

Course Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 3 servings

Calories 149 kcal

### Equipment

  * ▢

tofu press

  * ▢

cast iron skillet

  * ▢

flexible spatula

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

#### For the sauce

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soy sauce or tamari
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon shaoxing wine 
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon maple syrup
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon cornstarch
  * ▢ ¼ cup water 

#### For the stir-fry

  * ▢ 1 14 oz block extra firm tofu  drained and pressed 
  * ▢ 1 medium yellow onion cubed
  * ▢ 3 cloves garlic minced
  * ▢ 1 red bell pepper  diced 
  * ▢ 1 green bell pepper  diced 
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon black bean sauce

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions



  * If you have yet to do so, start off by pressing your tofu either by using a tofu press, or do it manually by stacking heavy objects on it, like ceramic plates, pots or pan. Refer to this blog post on how to press tofu for a more detailed guide. Cut them into bite-sized cubes.

  * Make the stir-fry sauce by combining all ingredients. Mix well. 

  * In a zip-top bag, add in tofu together with cornstarch and salt. Toss the bag until tofu are well coated.

  * Heat up 1 tablespoon of oil in a cast-iron skillet / non-stick pan on medium high heat. Place tofu cubes into the pan in one layer. Cook the tofu for 3-4 minutes on each sides, or until most sides are golden brown. ( I do recommend using a flexible spatula to aid the turning part. ) Set aside.

  * Heat up another tablespoon of neutral oil in the same pan and toss in onion. Saute for 3-4 minutes, or until translucent. Next, stir in garlic and cook for another 1-2 minutes until they are fragrant.

  * Add the bell peppers and cook until the have softened, about 3-4 minutes. Toss in the pan-fried tofu together with black bean sauce and stir-fry sauce. Toss until everything is well mixed before turning off heat. Garnish with some chopped green onions and serve.

### Notes

 **To make this oil-free** , you can choose to pan-fry the tofu without oil,
or bake them in the oven at 180 c / 350 f for 20 minutes. Use ¼ cup of broth
or water to saute the vegetables instead of oil.

**Make this gluten-free** by using gluten-free soy sauce or tamari.

You can use any kinds of bell peppers in place of the ones suggested.

### Nutrition

Calories: 149kcalCarbohydrates: 16gProtein: 13gFat: 3gSaturated Fat: 1gSodium:
794mgPotassium: 456mgFiber: 3gSugar: 8gVitamin A: 1390IUVitamin C:
86mgCalcium: 69mgIron: 2mg

Nutrition info calculated is just a rough estimate and is provided as a
courtesy. Bear in mind that value will vary based on variables like specific
brand or type of product used. To obtain the most accurate representation, it
is highly recommended that you calculate it on your own with the actual amount
and type of ingredient used.

Did you make this recipe ?Tag @myplantifulcooking on Instagram !

## More Mains & Entrees

  * Meaty Vegan TVP Meatballs

  * Crispy Spicy Korean Gochujang Tofu

  * Stir-fry Rice Vermicelli Noodles ( Fried Bee Hoon )

  * Vegan Chinese Seitan Stir-fry

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Betty

May 03, 2021 at 8:27 am

Hi, what could you use I instead of the black bean sauce? This brand has oil
in it?

Reply

    * meesha

May 03, 2021 at 11:04 am

Hi Betty, you can try using 1 tablespoon of fermented black beans in place of
the sauce. Do rinse and chop the black beans before using and add it in
together with onions. By the way, you get fermented black beans off Amazon, if
you cant find them in store 😉.

Reply

### Join the discussion ! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without
commenting.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

Hi, I am Meesha, the human behind My Plantiful Cooking! Expect to find plant-
powered recipes that are easy to make and wholesome without compromising on
taste.

More about me →

## 🌞Fresh Summer Recipes

  * Cold Japanese Tofu Salad

  * Chipotle Fresh Tomato Salsa ( copycat )

  * Japanese Chuka Wakame Seaweed Salad

  * Vegan Vegetable Thai Fried Rice

  * Vegetable Vegan Kimbap (Gimbap)

  * Singapore Vegetable Chow Mei Fun

### 💚Reader's favourite

  * Healthy PB2 Peanut Butter Powder Cookies

  * Crispy Oven Roasted Lentils

  * Banana Steel Cut Oats Breakfast Cookies

  * Eggless Banana Oat Mug Cake

  * Vegan Baked Oats for One (TikTok inspired)

  * Chinese Napa Cabbage Soup

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Accessibility Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 **My Plantiful Cooking**

