https://www.greedygourmet.com/recipes-by-course/main-course/tofu-in-black-bean-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Restaurants
    * Where To Eat in England
      * London
      * Berkshire
      * Essex
      * Surrey
    * Ireland
    * Italy
    * Montenegro
      * Ireland
    * Netherlands
    * Serbia
    * Spain
  * Places to Visit
    * Places to Stay in England
    * France
    * Italy
    * Netherlands
    * Norway
    * Portugal
    * Spain
  * Work With Me
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * RSS
    * Snapchat
    * Twitter

  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Tips & Tricks
  * Places to Visit
  * Restaurants
  * About
  * Work With Me
  * Contact

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Ã—

You are here: Home / Cooking Times / a) 30 mins or less / Tofu In Black Bean
Sauce

# Tofu In Black Bean Sauce

26 September 2018 \- By Michelle Minnaar  
This post may contain affiliate links.

Facebook39TweetPin458YummlyShares497

Jump to Recipe

Indulge yourself in this flavourful and pungent dish of tofu in black bean
sauce. This typical Chinese main course takes only 15 minutes to prepare, so
it is perfect for a quick yet nutritious meal. Not only is this fakeaway
budget-friendly, but it is fresher and healthier too.

The secret to cooking an authentic Chinese stir-fry recipe like this tofu in
black bean sauce recipe is to master the sauce. Fortunately, you don't need to
prepare it from scratch thanks to a little help from Lee Kum Kee.

## make the best tofu in black bean sauce recipe

Tofu in black bean sauce is an item often found on Chinese takeaway menus. The
recipe title might suggest that only tofu features in this dish, but you can
actually use as many different kinds of stir-fry vegetables along with the
tofu to bulk it out. In this black bean tofu stir-fry I used shiitake
mushrooms and spring onions.

However, Lee Kum Kee's Black Bean Garlic Sauce the key ingredient that ties
all flavours together into a single bite, giving this dish an authentic
Chinese twist. The sauce is a paste of fermented black beans and minced garlic
and doesn't contain any flavour enhancers, food colouring, or preservatives.
More importantly, it is suitable for vegetarians and vegans. It is an
essential component in your kitchen if you love Chinese food. Ultimately, it
will enable you to create restaurant quality food in the comfort of your home.

## a black bean tofu recipe with lee kum kee

Lee Kum Kee is an undisputed leading Chinese sauce company that sells a range
of products in the UK and independent Asian stores worldwide.  This company is
the inventor of the ever-so-important oyster sauce, which came into existence
over  130 years ago! Today, this sauce has transformed western Chinese cuisine
as we know it.  Having a proud history of creating top quality sauces, today
these sauces are widely used in the kitchens of top UK and European chefs.
These include Ken Hom and Ching He Huang. Undoubtedly, the sauces are made
with the finest and freshest ingredients, giving them a lovely texture and a
rich flavour.

For a complete overview of their delicious product range, check out this page.
You'll see a selection of oyster sauces, soy sauces, dressings, as well as
concentrated ingredient sauces and sachet sauces - all with an Asian twist
designed to replicate authentic Chinese recipes and fusion dishes.

Keep in mind, the sauces are healthy and convenient, perfect for sticking to
the family weekly budget. In addition, these sauces are the best for younger
novice cooks. They'll learn to understand very early on that food is all about
delivering quality and flavour, which is the essence of the authentic Lee Kum
Kee sauces.

## what are shiitake mushrooms?

Shiitake mushrooms are used in many Chinese stir-fry recipes because they
bring a certain texture that complements the crunchiness of other vegetables.
They work in a chicken, beef, pork stir-fry recipes, respectively, so they
also work very well in this tofu stir-fry recipe. Just toss them with the tofu
in black bean sauce stir-fry at any stage of the cooking process. Shiitake
mushrooms soften up quite easily and I like to toss mine in towards the end of
cooking time.

Shiitake mushrooms are commonly used in many Asian cuisines. Funnily enough,
shiitake mushrooms grow on the decaying wood of shii trees, which are native
to Southern Japan, and are related to beech trees and oak trees. First records
of cooking and cultivating shiitake mushrooms date back to the early 13th
century during the Southern Song dynasty. However, the first recorded
description of these mushroom was only introduced in 1769 by a Japanese
horticulturalist.

Shiitake mushrooms are an excellent source of vitamins and a great substitute
for meat thanks to its umami flavours. So, if you are trying to become a
vegetarian or a vegan, you should cook more recipes with these. That's why
this tofu in black bean sauce is a fabulous way to start your new lifestyle!
You can cook them dried or in their fresh form.

## what are the substitutes for shiitake mushrooms?

Sometimes, shiitake mushrooms are not available because they are out of season
or sold out. If you can't get your hands on them, then you can easily
substitute them with Portobello mushrooms. These are just as earthy as
shiitake mushrooms, however, they are larger and have a firmer texture. They
take slightly longer to cook, so add them at an earlier stage during the
cooking process.

Oyster mushrooms are also worthy substitute because they too grow on trees.
They are often used in stir-fry dishes and I would say they are the main
competitor to the shiitake. Lastly, you can also use porcini mushrooms which
are very popular in Europe for their nutty flavour.

## how to serve a black bean sauce dish

Tofu black bean stir fry is most commonly served with steamed white rice.
However, as any other person I do enjoy my stir-fries with noodles. If you're
on a low-carb diet, you can also opt for making zoodles - a great recipe can
be found here. They are great for cutting down on extra calories. Plus,
they'll make your tofu in black bean sauce more robust and voluminous.

If you are serving this Chinese and authentic tofu in black bean sauce as a
main course, then I highly recommend you consider a starter. Try making this
easy Chinese chicken and sweetcorn soup. Don't forget to check out my sweet
and sour chicken recipe!

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Tofu in Black Bean Sauce

* * *

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

5 from 12 reviews

  * Author: Michelle Minnaar
  * Total Time: 30 minutes
  * Yield: 2

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

Tofu in black bean sauce is one of the most authentic Chinese tofu stir-fry
recipes you can get. You'll need fermented black bean paste and shiitake
mushrooms. Enjoy!

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 15ml (1 tbsp) vegetable oil
  * 400g (1lb) tofu, drained and cut into cubes
  * 125g (4oz) shiitake mushrooms
  * 10 spring onions, trimmed and chopped
  * 1 (70g) sachet Lee Kum Kee Black Bean Garlic Sauce

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Heat the oil in a wok until it starts sizzling.
  2. Fry the tofu cubes until they are browned on all sides and crispy.
  3. Add the mushrooms and spring onions and fry for 3 minutes.
  4. Pour in the sauce and fry for another 2 minutes.
  5. Serve immediately with steamed white rice.

  * Prep Time: 15 minutes
  * Cook Time: 15 minutes
  * Category: Main Course
  * Cuisine: Chinese

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:** 1 serving
  * **Calories:** 313
  * **Sugar:** 8.8 g
  * **Sodium:** 2477 mg
  * **Fat:** 17.3 g
  * **Saturated Fat:** 3.1 g
  * **Carbohydrates:** 24.7 g
  * **Fiber:** 6.9 g
  * **Protein:** 20.6 g

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @greedygourmet on Instagram and hashtag it #greedygourmet

## save the recipe to your pinterest board

P.S: _This is a sponsored post._

###

Success! Now please check your email to confirm your subscription.

There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again.

Email Address

Go  We won't send you spam. Unsubscribe at any time. Powered by ConvertKit

## More

  * Smoked Salmon PÃ¢tÃ©

  * Celeriac Remoulade

  * Egg and Cress Sandwich

  * BBQ Rack of Lamb

Facebook39TweetPin458YummlyShares497

### DON'T MISS A THING!

New recipes, tips & tricks, reviews and giveaways every week!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Gloria

October 09, 2018 at 7:10 pm

Love the sound of this sauce. Black bean sauce is one of my favourites. I'm
sure the tofu soaks up the flavours wonderfully. A great "meatless" option for
dinner.

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

  2. Stine Mari

October 10, 2018 at 10:46 am

Yummy! I think spring onions and shiitake mushrooms sound absolutely perfect
in this black bean sauce. Both tofu and mushroom soak up all the flavors too,
amazing.

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

  3. Karyl Henry

October 11, 2018 at 2:13 pm

I have some leftover tofu in the fridge, waiting to be used. This recipe looks
like the perfect way to use it up. I press out as much of the liquid as I can
of my tofu, because I like to get that crispy texture on the outside

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

  4. Kelly Anthony

October 11, 2018 at 2:21 pm

Thank you for the list of substitutions for shiitake mushrooms because like
you said they aren't always at the store. Can't wait to make my very own
authentic Chinese stir-fry recipe.

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

    * michelle

October 14, 2018 at 11:39 am

you're welcome ðŸ™‚

Reply

  5. Adriana Lopez Martin

October 12, 2018 at 6:53 am

Shitake mushrooms are my favorite meaty and perfect for a dish using black
bean sauce. Your photos are mouthwatering. Thanks for the inspiration.

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

  6. Catherine Brown

October 12, 2018 at 3:54 pm

I love the simplicity of this dish! I love tofu that's been prepared properly
and these sauce choices look fantastic â€¦ definitely going to look for them
now!

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

  7. Jacqueline Debono

October 13, 2018 at 12:22 pm

I have never tried tofu but this recipe looks and sounds yummy. I love black
bean sauce! Going to pin it for later!

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

  8. Amanda

October 13, 2018 at 4:36 pm

Everything about this recipe sounds delicious. I've been craving a good
Chinese dish recently, and this looks perfect. Definitely making this soon!

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

  9. Linda

October 13, 2018 at 8:57 pm

This is my fo-to meal when I don't feel like cooking but never tried this
sauce from Lee Kum Kee sauce. Definitely a keeper for when you need 15 mins to
set up dinner. And tofu and mushroom? Sounds delicious!

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

  10. Kari Heron

October 15, 2018 at 5:29 pm

I love tofu and the best way to cook it is in authentic Asian recipes because
they handle it best. This is a classic and making me hungry just about now!

Reply

  11. Mirlene

October 15, 2018 at 5:51 pm

This dish sounds wonderful and healthy. I have tried tofu,I am interested in
trying it now.

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

  12. Chef Mireille

October 16, 2018 at 3:52 am

I am not a tofu fan but shitakes are my fave mushroom so I can definitely
adapt this recipe to my palate - you are giving me some great ideas!

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

  13. Sasmita Sahoo Samanta

October 16, 2018 at 5:13 am

Shitake mushrooms and tofu in black bean sauce looks so mouthwatering. Thanks
for the inspiration.

Reply

  14. Stephanie Simmons

October 17, 2018 at 8:08 pm

This looks like such a flavorful way to cook tofu! We've been incorporating
more meatless meals into our routine so this will be perfect!

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

### Make my day! - Share your thoughts... Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

**about michelle**

Welcome to my eclectic collection of recipes from all four corners of the
world. I hope to inspire you to get into the kitchen and never eat a boring
meal ever again. Want to know more?

More about me â†’

Join the  
Greedy Gourmet club!

## Latest Recipes

  * Kinder Bueno Cookies

  * King Prawn Chow Mein

  * How to sterilize jars in the microwave

  * How to sterilize jars in an Instant Pot

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### About

  * About
  * Copyright, Privacy & Disclosure Policy
  * Disclaimer
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Cookie Policy

### Services

  * Food Photography
  * Recipe Development
  * Food Videography

### Contact

  * Contact
  * Work With Me
  * Media Kit

As an Amazon Associate and affiliate marketer I earn from qualifying
purchases.

Copyright Â© 2022 Greedy Gourmet

