https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/quick-ginger-prawn-curry/e9c3aa35-0923-4881-b8b6-a9c77454d24f


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Quick ginger and prawn curry

  * _05m_ prep
  * _25m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

3

Save Recipe

310 people saved this

1 person made this

Gluten free and low in calories, this spicy prawn curry is ready in 30
minutes.

Alison Adams

Food Editor

129 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain lactose, groundnut, tree nut, milk and
crustacean.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 15 Ingredients 
  * 2 Method Steps 

#### 15 Ingredients

  * 1 tbsp peanut oil 

  * 1 brown onion, finely chopped 

  * 3 tsp fresh ginger, finely shredded 

  * 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped 

  * 1 long fresh green chilli, deseeded, finely chopped 

  * 1 tsp ground coriander 

  * 1/4 tsp turmeric 

  * 250ml (1 cup) Mutti Tomato Passata 

  * 125ml (1/2 cup) water 

  * 20 green prawns, peeled, deveined, tails intact 

  * 1 tbsp creme fraiche (see Notes) 

  * 2 tbsp fresh coriander, chopped 

  * 25g (1/4 cup) flaked natural almonds, toasted 

  * Fresh coriander sprigs, to serve 

  * SunRice basmati rice, steamed, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 2 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Heat the oil  (1 tbsp peanut oil) in a large saucepan over medium-low heat.
Add onion  (1 brown onion, finely chopped), ginger  (3 tsp fresh ginger,
finely shredded), garlic  (2 garlic cloves, finely chopped) and chilli  (1
long fresh green chilli, deseeded, finely chopped). Cook, stirring often, for
7 minutes or until softened.

  * Step 2

Stir ground coriander  (1 tsp ground coriander) and turmeric  (1/4 tsp
turmeric) into onion mixture. Add passata  (250ml (1 cup) Mutti Tomato
Passata) and water  (125ml (1/2 cup) water). Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 15
minutes to allow the flavours to develop. Add prawns  (20 green prawns,
peeled, deveined, tails intact) and creme fraiche  (1 tbsp creme fraiche (see
Notes)). Cook for 5 minutes or until prawns are cooked through. Stir in
chopped coriander  (2 tbsp fresh coriander, chopped). Season with black
pepper. Top with almonds  (25g (1/4 cup) flaked natural almonds, toasted) and
coriander sprigs  (Fresh coriander sprigs, to serve). Serve with steamed rice
(SunRice basmati rice, steamed, to serve).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

1 person made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

310 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

Creme fraiche adds rich flavour, and doesn't curdle when added to the hot
curry.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Al Richardson

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  2. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  3. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  4. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  5. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  6. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  7. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  8. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

