https://www.thetakeiteasychef.com/creamy-ginger-prawns-shrimp-recipe


### Follow us

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * instagram
  * pinterest
  * google

  * Indian Cuisine
    * Karnataka
    * Kerala
    * Goan
    * Indian
    * South Indian
  * Asian Cuisine
    * Asian
    * Burmese
    * Chinese
    * Korean
  * International Cuisine
    * American
    * British
    * Continental
    * English
    * Global
    * Italian
    * Morroccan

The take it easy chef

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

Home ¬ª Creamy Ginger Prawns (Shrimp)

# Creamy Ginger Prawns (Shrimp)

in easy, gluten free, Main Course, non vegetarian, seafood, Starters

Jump to Recipe \- Print Recipe

What memories does a tasty plate of seafood evoke? Is it about seashores, or
great beaches where you have been to, or fun times at some fantastic
vacations, or a great restaurant you have visited? This ginger prawns recipe
is inspired by many Asian prawn (shrimp) recipes that I have come across.

I have deviated from a true Thai style by replacing the popular coconut milk
with some fresh cream. Tasty prawns with warm aroma of ginger, mellow richness
of silky cream, mild fieriness from chilies and black pepper, all topped up
with fresh coriander leaves - pure bliss!

This simple, easy-to-make recipe is all about balancing fresh ingredients and
some great flavours. When you have fresh seafood, cook them with ingredients
that complement the flavours. Highlight the produce. Let the flavours sing!

Try this quick recipe, and enjoy a great plate of prawns today!

> Prawn lovers, rejoice! Here is another great way to cook your favourite
> seafood!!



Creamy Ginger Prawns (Shrimp)



Print Recipe

## Creamy Ginger Prawns (Shrimp)

Tasty prawns (shrimps) with warm aroma of ginger, with mellow richness of
silky cream, mild fieriness from chilies and black pepper, all topped up with
fresh coriander leaves - pure bliss!

Prep Time15 mins

Cook Time20 mins

Total Time45 mins

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Continental

Servings: 2 portion

### Ingredients

  * 500 grams prawns / shrimp (before cleaning)
  * 1 tomato (large)
  * 2 inchs ginger
  * 5 Chili pepper (small)
  * 2 heaped tablespoons fresh cream
  * 1/2 tablespoon coarse black pepper
  * 2 - 3 sprigs Cilantro (Coriander leaves)
  * To taste salt

### Instructions

  * Peel and devein the prawns. Remove the head, and rinse thoroughly. Keep the tail on. Finely chop the tomato, and julienne the ginger. Thinly slice the chilies. I used some fresh purple chili peppers from the kitchen garden, which were not hot. You can use any chilies, but keep in mind that we don't want to make the sauce hot. Just a subtle hint to cut through the creamy sauce is sufficient.

  * Heat some oil in a pan, and fry the ginger on a low flame.

  * Fry for 2-3 minutes. Add chopped tomatoes.

  * Mix well, close the lid, and cook for 3 minutes.

  * Open the lid, add salt, sliced green chillies and mix well.

  * Add 1/2 cup water, and mix well.

  * Close the lid, and cook for another 3 minutes.

  * Open the lid, and add cream.

  * Stir well, and blend the cream into the tomato sauce. This is the base of our dish.

  * Add prawns, slowly stir and coat them with the creamy tomato sauce. Simmer with the lid closed for 3 minutes (not shown in pictures). Open the lid and cook for another 2 minutes to reduce the sauce. Medium sized prawns will get cooked in 3-4 minutes. If you are using larger varieties, cook for an extra couple of minutes. Prawns turn pink when they are cooked.

  * Season with coarse pepper.

  * Mix well, and garnish with chopped coriander leaves.

  * Serve immediately with plain or fragrant rice, and freshly made garden salad.

### Related Posts:

  * Kerala prawn curry
  * Asian Style Samosa
  * Paneer Butter Masala

### Share this!

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
  * Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
  * Click to print (Opens in new window)
  * 

###  _Related_

### 8 Comments

  1. The take it easy chef

October, 2016 at 8:14 pm  *  Reply

Thank you Nazreen. Your comment made my day! üôÇ

  2. Nazreen

October, 2016 at 6:17 pm  *  Reply

Never tried a variety recipe for prawns other than the normal prawns masala
and curry , this one really turned out to be good in taste.Great recipe chef
!!

  3. Smith Sonian

September, 2016 at 6:05 am  *  Reply

I love this post! superb pics too!

  4. Serene & Timmy

August, 2016 at 5:13 am  *  Reply

Aw..this looks so appetizing..I want that üòõ btw, what's the violet color chili
pepper? Is that a common ingredient?

  5. The take it easy chef

August, 2016 at 2:58 pm  *  Reply

Thank you Teena. Glad you like it.

  6. Teena Sunoj

August, 2016 at 10:42 am  *  Reply

Good one love the presentation in the final pic.

  7. The take it easy chef

August, 2016 at 5:59 am  *  Reply

Thank you üôÇ

  8. Paluk Khanna

August, 2016 at 5:52 am  *  Reply

Look awesome !!!

### Leave a Comment Cancel

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Message

Name *

Email Address *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Instagram

##### Arun Velekkat

@thetakeiteasychef

Biriyani Lover, Food Blogger, Food Writer in that order. I write about simple,
honest food using local, organic produce.

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

View on Instagram

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Place one or two parottas on a plate. Pour a generous helping of chicken salna
on the side. Let the curry slowly trickle into the crispy, flaky parotta. When
they meet, there is magic! Tear a piece of parotta soaked in the salna and put
it in your mouth. Gently chew and feel all the textures - The crispiness of
the outer layers. The slightly soggy bit with the salna. This is street food
at its best. This is an improved version of the chicken salna I had posted
before. I thought this would be a good one to resume here. . This chicken
salna recipe, like many other popular recipes on this blog, is from a mom's
kitchen. I got this recipe from my cousin. He sourced it from a friend who got
it from his mom. This chicken salna recipe will help you cook your favourite
street food in the comfort of your kitchen. . Check out the recipe from the
link in the bio. . . . #TheTakeItEasyChef #parotta #malabarparotta
#chennaistreetfood #madurai #parottasalna #salna #tamilnadufood #chickensalna
#tamilfood #chennai #southindianfood #indianchicken #homecooking
#foodphotography #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #sonyimages
#sonyalpha #sonyalphasclub #sonyphotogallery #foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries
#recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #homemade

3 weeks ago

View on Instagram |

1/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Feels great to be back! As we used to do before, let's cook some delicious
food! . . . #thetakeiteasychef #indianfood #localfood #foodphotography
#foodporn #foodstagram #foodblogger #instafood #foodlover #yummy #delicious
#foodgasm #homemade #foodpics #instagood #foodies #foodiesofinstagram
#healthyfood #tasty #dinner #indianfood #love #cooking #lunch #bhfyp
#foodstyling #dessert #foodblog #foodpic #breakfast #foodlovers

3 weeks ago

View on Instagram |

2/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Are you one of those gentle souls who love their potato snacks but has been
trying to stay away as they are almost always deep-fried? If yes, this baked
potato wedges is your redemption. . These baked potato wedges are crispy on
the outside, succulent on the inside, and packed with a load of flavours! You
got to try it only once to believe how good they are! . If you are looking for
a delicious, yet healthy and easy-to-make snack, you don‚Äôt have to look beyond
these oven-baked potato wedges! . Check out the easy recipe with step-by-step
recipes from the link in the bio. . . . . . #thetakeiteasychef #potatowedges
#potatowedgesüçü #frenchfries #whatveganeats #bestofvegan #bakedpotatoes
#comfortfood #whatvegetarianseat #bakedchips #crisps #homebaking #potatochips
#foodphotography #feedfeed #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #recipeoftheday
#easyrecipe #foodoftheday #eathealthy #healthyeating #homecooking #food52
#potatocrisps #bakedpotato #bakedpotatoes #homefries #chilifries

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

3/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

This whole wheat jaggery cake is a healthier take on the classic pound cake.
This delightful cake is moist, light, and airy and a perfect companion for
your hot cup of tea! . We are not using regular flour or sugar. Instead, we
have healthier calories from whole wheat flour and jaggery. Instead of butter,
the main ingredient is oil. The only butter in this recipe is for greasing the
cake pan. By the way, did I tell you that this is an eggless cake as well? .
Check out the recipe from the link in the bio. . .This recipe is from the
uber-talented Shreya of @sugar.dust.bangalore . . . #thetakeiteasychef #cake
#cakes#eggless #wholewheat#wholewheatcake #egglesscake#vegetarian #sweet
#dessert#foodgram #baking #realsimple#foodstyling #foodandrustic#thebakefeed
#jaggery #homebaking . . . #whatveganeats #whatvegetarianseat
#eatingfortheinsta #buzzfeast #feedyoursoull #heresmyfood #foodphotography
#feedfeed #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #recipeoftheday

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

4/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Think of potato podimas as a flavourful Indian version of mashed potatoes
cooked with a seasoning of mustard seeds, urad dal, and curry leaves. .
Imagine the fragrance when mustard seeds, urad dal, and fresh curry leaves are
tempered in oil. Now add mashed potatoes to the pan. The smooth, creamy mashed
potatoes will absorb all the great flavours. That, my friends, is the story of
any good potato podimas! . There is nothing pretentious about potato podimas!
It is a simple preparation with some basic ingredients. For an Indian recipe,
it requires very few spices. Potato podimas is probably a South Indian
rendition of the classic mashed potatoes. But it is quintessentially Indian
and a delicious dish that you can put together without any effort. . Check out
the easy recipe with step-by-step pictures from the link in the bio. . . . . .
. #thetakeiteasychef #homemade #indiancuisine #podimas #potato #potatoes
#potatocurry #potatopodimas #indianvegetarian #indianvegetarianfood #poriyal
#healthyrecipes #plantbaseddiet #healthycooking #vegetarian
#whatvegetarianseat #whatveganeats #homecooking #food52 #foodphotography
#feedfeed #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #cooking
#recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #buzzfeedfood

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

5/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Burmese Khow Suey - Khow Suey is probably the first thing that comes to mind
when you think about Burmese cuisine. . If something can be called a bowl of
happiness, this could well be it. Burmese Khow Suey is a delicious noodle dish
made with egg noodles, curried chicken and coconut milk. Served with a variety
of condiments, each spoon full of soup you eat will be bursting with flavours!
. There are many variants of Khow Suey recipes. Chefs across the world have
tailored it to suit their local preferences and ingredients that are easily
available in their kitchens. In some recipes, you‚Äôll see fish sauce and
peanuts, while in some others chicken stock, paprika and cayenne peppers. .
This is ‚ÄòThe Take It Easy‚Äô version of Khow Suey. I have used only those
ingredients that I could source fresh in India. Try it this weekend. Have a
big, hearty bowl of happiness! . Check out the easy recipe with step-by-step
pictures from the link in the bio. . . . . . . #TheTakeItEasyChef #khowsuey
#burma #khowsueyüç≤ #khowsueyrecipe #burmese #burmesefood #burmesekhowsuey
#burmesekhaosuey #khaosuey #noodlesoup #eggnoodles #eggnoodlesoup
#foodblogfeed #easyrecipes #simplefood #bangalorefoodies #recipesfromscratch
#homecooking #foodphotography #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #sonyalpha
#foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday
#homemade

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

6/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Chilli Fried Prawns üç§ This chilli fried prawns is the prawn fry of good times!
Just five ingredients, minimum cooking time, and maximum deliciousness ‚Äì that
summarises this recipe! . Are you worried how you can add a little oomph to
your late night dinner preps after a busy day at work? This chilli fried
prawns recipe is for you! Planning to unwind with a chilled drink and a book
after a long, tiring day? This prawn fry will be your perfect accompaniment.
It‚Äôll be ready in no time, and you get the rest of the evening to yourself. .
Chilli powder, salt and vinegar is combined to form the marinade. Coat the
prawns with this paste, and leave for a few minutes to soak up the flavours.
Fry them on a pan with just enough oil. You get a lovely plate of fried
prawns. . Recipe from the link in the bio. . . . #thetakeiteasychef #shrimp
#jhinga #friedprawns #masalaprawns #SaveOurOcean #eatinseason #FoodTalkIndia
#prawns #keralafood #GodsOwnCountry #thaninaadan #saltandpeppershrimp
#foodblogfeed #easyrecipes #simplefood #bangalorefoodies #recipesfromscratch
#homecooking #foodphotography #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #sonyalpha
#foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday
#homemade

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

7/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Easy Butter Chicken . Now you can create a restaurant-style butter chicken
without spending hours in the kitchen. This easy butter chicken is so easy
that you can add it to your weekday cooking plans. . Succulent pieces of
chicken marinated in a yoghurt base and cooked in an onion-tomato paste with
select whole spices and butter. This butter chicken recipe is a crowd-pleaser.
. I have dialled back the richness quotient so that you don‚Äôt have to feel
guilty savouring this delicious chicken curry. I have kept cream as an
optional ingredient. I found that one can still make a good butter chicken
without adding any cream. . Check out the step-by-step recipe and pictures
from the link in my bio. . . . #thetakeiteasychef #homemade
#butterchickencurry #indiancuisine #indiancurry #chickencurry #butterchicken
#myfab5 #f52grams #dailyfoodfeed #lovefood #eatingfortheinsta #buzzfeast
#feedyoursoull #heresmyfood #eater #eattheworld #homecooking #food52
#foodphotography #feedfeed #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia
#cooking #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #buzzfeedfood

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

8/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

9/9

### Follow me

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * instagram
  * pinterest
  * stumbleupon
  * google

### About the chef

### Sweet Tooth

### A healthy pick

Copyright ¬© 2019 Arun velekkat & The Take It Easy Chef -- Designed by WPZOOM

