https://yourfoodfantasy.com/ginger-garlic-prawn-curry/


Skip to content

  *   *   * 

Search

Search for:

Your Food Fantasy

Love food love life, live your food fantasy

Menu

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Main Course
    * Rice & More
    * Raita
    * Snacks
    * Non-Vegetarian
    * Side Dishes
    * Quick Made
    * Biryani
    * Desserts
    * Mocktails & Drinks
  * Festive food
    * Fasting Food Recipes â€“ Navratri Upvas Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes For Iftar Snacks Dinner
    * Holi Sweets and Snacks â€“ Holi Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes â€“ Recipes to try This Diwali
  * About
    * Contact
    * Privacy Policy
    * Collaborations
  * Reviews
    * Food
      * Air Fryer Review
      * Degustabox
      * Jadu Tea â€“ Luxury Tea Review
      * Nutribuddy UK
      * The Towel Shop
    * Non-Food
      * Sockshop Review
      * Prestige Hampers Review
    * Travel
      * Chokhi Dhani Village
      * Hyatt Ziva Cancun Review
      * Titanic Mardan Palace Hotel Review

# Ginger Garlic Prawn Curry Recipe

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

If you are a seafood lover, chances are that you will like prawns too and if
you like prawns that its given that you will relish this **ginger garlic based
prawn curry** , which is really easy to cook. Recently my partner bought
prawns to cook at home (he loves king / tiger prawns) and asked me to suggest
a recipe. He had recently made Prawn Skewers and this time he said he want to
make some gravy based thing. I had been having a few busy weeks and hence I
suggested this easy to cook recipe of " **ginger garlic prawn curry "** for
him to try.

I love experimenting with my recipes and hence I asked my partner if he would
like to have a creamy gravy or normal gravy, and not to my surprise, it was
creamy gravy, hence this recipe is made by creating a paste from onion, ginger
and garlic.

Ginger Garlic Prawns Curry Recipe | Your Food Fantasy

  

I believe that this same recipe could also be tried with fish, though duration
of cooking for fish will be little longer compared to prawn (depending on type
of fish).

Again, times like these is when I simply take backseat (don't cook) and simply
pass instructions on how to cook. Only if I was eating non-vegetarian food, I
would have not hesitated to cook too ðŸ™‚

Ginger Garlic Prawns Recipe | YourFoodFantasy.com

  

I have used mostly the common ingredients that you will find in home normally,
but feel free to experiment with other spices too. I have added mint here, as
it offers nice minty aroma and taste, but you may skip it.

This recipe comprises of first making paste of garlic, ginger and tomatoes,
subsequently adding spices and then lastly prawns. Your prawn curry is ready
in less than 30 mins.

Ginger Garlic Prawns Recipe | Your Food Fantasy

Let's get to **step by step detailed recipe of this ginger garlic prawn
curry.**

Shall you like prawns, you can also try capsicum prawn curry.

  

## Ginger Garlic Prawn Curry

A yummy prawn curry made with predominant flavours of ginger and garlic, ready
in less than 30 mins.

4.60 from 5 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 25 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Indian

Servings 2 Portions

Calories 369 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * â–¢ 200 Grams Prawns Cleaned / Washed
  * â–¢ 2 Onion Medium Size
  * â–¢ 6 Cloves Garlic
  * â–¢ 25 Grams Ginger
  * â–¢ 2 Tomatoes Medium Size
  * â–¢ 6-7 Leaves Fresh Mint
  * â–¢ 1.5 Teaspoon Cumin Seeds
  * â–¢ 1 Teaspoon Mustard Seeds
  * â–¢ 2 Bayleaves
  * â–¢ 1 Black Cardamom
  * â–¢ 1.5 Teaspoon Coriander Powder
  * â–¢ 1.5 Teaspoon Garam Masala Powder
  * â–¢ 1 Teaspoon Prawn Curry Powder Optional
  * â–¢ 1 Teaspoon Red Chilli Powder As Per Taste
  * â–¢ 3 Green chillies As Per Taste
  * â–¢ 2 Tablespoon Oil
  * â–¢ 1 Teaspoon Salt As Per Taste
  * â–¢ 1 Teaspoon Turmeric Powder

### Instructions



  * â–¢

First chop onions and garlic, subsequently take a pan and add 1 tablespoon
oil. When oil is hot, add chopped onion and garlic. Fry this till onion turns
brown.

  * â–¢

Take a bowl/ jar and add mint leaves, large pieces of tomatoes, green chillies
and ginger.

  * â–¢

To this jar add the sauted onion and garlic, and then blend to a smooth paste
in mixer or using a blender.

  * â–¢

Use the same pan again and add 1 tablespoon of oil, when oil gets hot, add
cumin seeds and mustard seeds. Fry till seeds crackle, add bayleaves.

  * â–¢

Now add garam masala, red chilli powder, coriander powder, black cardamom, and
prawn curry powder, and fry for half a minute.

  * â–¢

Now add the paste created on step 3, add salt and let it cook for 5 mins.

  * â–¢

Lastly, add prawns and let it cook for 7-8 mins on medium heat. Your curry is
now ready. Plate it with garnishing with coriander.

### Notes

  * Take care when pouring hot onion from pan to jar for blending, contents would be hot.
  * Exercise care on how long you cook prawns, if left on high flame or for long, they would get hard and loose the softness.

###

Nutrition

Nutrition Facts

Ginger Garlic Prawn Curry

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 369 Calories from Fat 162

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 18g **28%**

Saturated Fat 2g **13%**

Trans Fat 1g

Polyunsaturated Fat 1g

Monounsaturated Fat 1g

 **Cholesterol** 252mg **84%**

 **Sodium** 2220mg **97%**

 **Potassium** 730mg **21%**

 **Carbohydrates** 30g **10%**

Fiber 8g **33%**

Sugar 11g **12%**

 **Protein** 25g **50%**

**Vitamin A** 1027IU **21%**

 **Vitamin C** 41mg **50%**

 **Calcium** 225mg **23%**

 **Iron** 9mg **50%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Click photo & send it @yourfoodfantasy or tag
#yourfoodfantasy on Instagram or Facebook to get featured!

### Share this:

  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Email
  * WhatsApp
  * Twitter
  * 

## Post navigation

Previous Post Pickled Onion | Sirke Wale Pyaz

Next Post Masala Papad - Poppadom Recipe - Step by Step

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Î”

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Meet Me - Meenu

## Never miss a recipe!

Get free, easy and delicious recipes delivered straight to your inbox!

Email Address

Subscribe Now

## Archives

Archives Select Month July 2022  June 2022  May 2022  April 2022  March 2022
February 2022  January 2022  December 2021  November 2021  October 2021
September 2021  August 2021  July 2021  June 2021  May 2021  April 2021  March
2021  February 2021  January 2021  December 2020  November 2020  October 2020
September 2020  August 2020  July 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020  March
2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October 2019
September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  March 2019
February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018
September 2018  August 2018  July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March
2018  February 2018  January 2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017
September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March
2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016
September 2016  August 2016  July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March
2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015

## Categories

Categories Select Category Beverages and Appetizers Breads Cakes Chicken
Chutney Condiment Cooking Tips Desserts Eggs Fasting food Gluten free Greek
Cuisine Guest Post Indo-Chinese italian Ketogenic Lamb Main Course Mocktail
Multi-National Navratri food Non-Vegetarian Paleo Paneer Recipe Prawn Quick
made recipe Review Side Dish Snacks sponsored Street food Sweets Travel
Uncategorized Vegan

## Latest Food Fantasies

  * Pineapple Fried Rice (Thai)
  * Titanic Mardan Palace Hotel Review - Antalya Turkey
  * Exploring Kerala - Visit Kerala
  * Cabbage Paneer Roll Recipe
  * Scottish Barley Vodka
  * Degustabox May 2022 Review
  * Chicken Lollipop Recipe
  * Degustabox April 2022
  * Degustabox March 2022 Review
  * Degustabox February 2022 Review

