https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/19944/drunk-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Meat and Poultry
  4. Chicken
  5. Whole Chicken Recipes
  6. Drunk Chicken

# Drunk Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.6

46 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 30 
  * 4 star values: 16 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 46 Ratings 
  * 38 Reviews 
  * 12 Photos 

Make drunken chicken by cooking a whole chicken on a beer can.

Recipe by Max

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Drunk Chicken

Add Photo

Drunk Chicken Billy D

Drunk Chicken Mark sartin

Drunk Chicken Kristy H

Drunk Chicken matt green

\+ 8 8 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

2 hrs

additional:

15 mins

total:

2 hrs 30 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

1 whole chicken

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 (2 to 3 pound) whole chicken 
  * 1 (12 fluid ounce) can beer 
  * 5 tablespoons poultry seasoning 
  * 4 dashes liquid smoke flavoring 
  * 4 bay leaves 
  * 1 long metal skewer 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Rinse and dry chicken. Remove excess fat and leave skin on. Lift skin from
breast and thigh areas; slide bay leaves under skin. Coat chicken with poultry
seasoning.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Drink 1/2 of the can of beer; pour liquid smoke into remaining beer. Raise tab
on beer can until it is in the straight-up position.

  * Step 3

Insert beer can into chicken from the bottom until even with bottom of
chicken. Insert skewer through wing, ribs, beer can tab, and out the opposite
side. (This keeps the can from falling out of chicken.)

  * Step 4

Preheat the grill by lighting the coals. Spread the coals to form a ring
around the outside edge of the grill.

  * Step 5

Place chicken in the center, standing up on the can to cook. Close grill; cook
for 2 hours. A meat thermometer inserted into the center should read at least
165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

  * Step 6

Remove chicken carefully from the grill so as not to spill the contents of the
can. Remove skewer and beer can; let chicken sit for 15 minutes before
cutting.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

443 calories; protein 44.4g; carbohydrates 6.3g; fat 23.1g; cholesterol
140.4mg; sodium 135.6mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (38)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

LucyDelRey

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2005

I recommend mixing the seasonings with some olive oil to ensure a crispy tasty
skin with a nice color (SEE MY PHOTO). I used seasoning salt (about 2 tsp)
instead of poultry seasoning.

Read More

Helpful (80)

46 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 30 
  * 4 star values: 16 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

LucyDelRey

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2005

I recommend mixing the seasonings with some olive oil to ensure a crispy tasty
skin with a nice color (SEE MY PHOTO). I used seasoning salt (about 2 tsp)
instead of poultry seasoning.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/10/2001

I am so happy that I was able to erase what I just wrote. By mistake I thought
this recipe was another similar one who did not say to spread the coals out.
Very important to not grill under direct heat. Could cause fire... like in the
other recipe. Thank you for saying indirect heat.

Amy

Rating: 4 stars

07/28/2002

this is excellent! did it in my oven for about 25 min per pound at 350.....yum
yum juicy

DHARK

Rating: 4 stars

07/21/2007

Great recipe, however, if you plan to cook the chicken for 2hrs on a grill, I
would recommend indirect heat.(I used a 4 burner propane grill) If not, cut
the cook time down to 1 1/2hrs. For a different taste, consider adding THIN
lemon slices under the skin. Remember, "to each thier own". Still, all and
all, a great recipe to start and tweak to your taste.

kellyg015

Rating: 5 stars

12/05/2005

I have only made this in the oven at 350 degrees for 2 hours, but it is well
worth the wait! My family and friends request what we have renamed "Beer-butt
Chicken"! I even found a neat can holder/cooking stand at Walmart for $3.95.
It's a great tool!

SOULTRAIN

Rating: 4 stars

01/03/2003

Easy, great tasting recipe. I prefer a 4/4 rub with equal parts salt, pepper,
paprika, and brown sugar. And yes, indirect cooking only!

Butterfly Flutterby

Rating: 4 stars

08/09/2006

This was good, but I like the Beer Butt Chicken on this site better. This had
a bit too much poultry seasoning for us and the bay leaf was a little weird.
We like to rub the bird with seasonings and melted butter. We have the stands
that we bought at Wal Mart that are inexpensive and work like a charm! Thanks.

KRISTILW

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2001

My entire family loves this recipe, especially my two-year-old! The prep time
is very easy, but it takes a while to cook, so plan ahead and enjoy!

russkiypenguin

Rating: 5 stars

05/14/2006

Chicken was good. I'm not sure that I like the bay flavor on the chicken.
Seemed a bit strong to me. The skin was delicious and crunchy. Oh yeah, I did
this on a gas grill. Left one burner off, and the other one was set to medium-
low for two hours.

Marina Moffat Kaup

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2011

I really wasn't expecting a lot but this chicken was very moist & tender,
fantastic! I didn't have skewers so I just sat it on a foil lined baking pan
and it was fine. Thanks for the great recipe!

PLAYMATE2

Rating: 4 stars

07/05/2004

This made a Great 4th of July meal! I cooked it in the oven at 350 for around
2 hours. Yummy! The only thing I would change, would be less poultry
seasoning. I only used 3 TBS & it had a great herb flavor. I served this with
crock pot dill potatoes. I will make this again!

RMSR

Rating: 4 stars

10/16/2011

I used a can of Molson M and reserved the extra beer for making a gravy. I
opted to rub the chicken with a paste made from my modified version of
"Memphis Rub" from AR, EVOO and a little liquid smoke. I put a little more
liquid smoke and one bay leave into the can. I baked this in the oven at 350F
for roughly 1h30mins. I added water in the pan as necessary so the drippings
wouldn't burn. Halfway through the cooking time I added 2 cups of water, the
extra beer, sachet of onion soup mix, a little of the seasoning and
cornstarch. Mixed it all up, then added diced potatoes and let it cook for the
remainder of the time, stirring once. Chicken was moist and perfectly cooked,
the skin wasn't really crispy though (I did baste twice). The potatoes were
cooked to perfection and the sauce nicely seasoned with the perfect
consistency. Something I'll make again!

Paul TerSteege

Rating: 5 stars

10/23/2010

We like to place our chicken in a cast iron pan so we can make up some roast
potatoes while the chicken is cooking. Along with the beer we will use onion
soup mix and chicken stock. Total cook time seems to be BBQ dependent. For us
we baste a few times and after about an hour and a half we place the chicken
directly on the grill for several minutes to finish browning the bottom of the
bird.

CookinBug

Rating: 5 stars

08/15/2009

Very good! I love beer can chicken, but I usually use my own blend of spices
and some other ingredients. Followed the ingredients for this recipe, but I
used a gas grill and a roasting apparatus to make it a bit easier. This was
very tasty. I did baste a couple times with olive oil. Thanks! :)

Patricia Rourke

Rating: 4 stars

05/25/2009

Can do the same thing with a small turkey breast. I sprayed the bird with
butter flavored spray,put on the seasoning and sprayed it again. It kept the
bird nice and moist and penetrated the seasoning. Also put the bird and the
beer can on a heavy aluminum pie plate over an indirect propane grill. The pie
pan keeps the can and bird stable and you can use the juices for basting for a
bit more flavor. The pan helps in transferring the bird when done

Vi

Rating: 5 stars

06/03/2008

I used ginger ale instead of beer and it was wonderful! Thanks for the recipe,
Vi

jazzie

Rating: 5 stars

06/09/2009

We just bought a holder a few weeks ago, This chicken is sooo good. I put
celery and onions and garlic in both cavities. Our first drunken chicken was a
treat to say the least. The outside was nice and crispy and the inside was so
tender and juicy. Everyone's hints where great. Thank you Max for the thumps
up in this one. Jazz

nikkionwine

Rating: 5 stars

03/04/2009

Simply amazing. I love the seasoning recipe within this recipe. The chicken,
of course, is oh-so-moist!

Holly J Chadwick

Rating: 5 stars

05/07/2007

Very good recipe!! The chicken had a wonderful, crispy skin (the best part!)
and was very moist on the inside. I kept a beer in hand and basted
occasionally:)

dine

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2009

This was the best charcoal-grilled chicken I have ever prepared. I skipped the
bay leaf. My 4.5 lb. bird was done in a little over an hour. The chicken was
very moist, tender and delicious.

ANAED

Rating: 4 stars

12/15/2004

The people in Louisiana have been cooking "drunk" chickens for years. No
matter what seasoning you decide to put on it, it will always taste great.
Yummmmmm!

Ajacobson89

Rating: 5 stars

04/12/2010

Add your own rub to the outside and poor some liquid smoke over the chicken
and it is delicious!

sweetaddiction

Rating: 5 stars

08/18/2005

Excellent! Kind of hard to get it to stay upright on the grill but well worth
it!

Louise

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2009

The recipe in itself is very good but you should be careful with the can of
beer. Make sure that the paint on the can doesn't peel because it does
sometimes. I have bought a pan for this exact purpose with a place to put the
beer or whatever liquid you want to use.

Samantha Stinson

Rating: 5 stars

05/30/2004

Great chicken...super easy to make...especially since my HUSBAND made it. LOL

Nancy

Rating: 4 stars

11/09/2008

We don't care for that much bay leaf; instead we put about a tablespoon of
rosemary in the beer can and it is AWESOME! We have three cats & a dog who
won't leave us alone until they get a serving too! Great with a gren salad and
grilled potatoes!

Gina Allen Sullivan

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2010

This was delicious!!!

Ruth Anne

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2009

This is an amazingly delicious, easy, and all the other accolades!! I've made
it on holidays, instead of the "usual"fare, you know Turkey/dressing; ham,
etc. Ruth Anne

Liza Arsenault Donais

Rating: 4 stars

10/28/2007

Great recipe! I also used olive oil, and used cajun seasoning instead of the
poultry seasoning. Sprinke a table spoon of it in the bear can. So good!

Nobody'sGirl

Rating: 5 stars

05/19/2009

Ohhh yeah, this is the good stuff right here. The first time I had beer can
chicken, I couldn't believe how tender and moist it was. It's just phenomenal.
I opted to use Memphis Rub from this site for the outside, but still used the
liquid smoke in the can. Thank you for the explicit instructions to cook over
indirect heat - I think that is a key step! I have a little stand for my beer
can, and I sit the whole rig down inside a disposable pan to cook it. The
drippings make wicked good gravy, if you're so inclined. Thanks!

Steven

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2008

Best grilled chicken I've had.

kkoste

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2009

This is a recipe I have used for a long time. I stuff lemons under the skin
and cook on my gas grill. I place the chicken on a cookie sheet,(Make sure to
use a cookie sheet you don't care gets blackened)and just reuse that cookie
sheet for my drunken chicken. It's an awesome recipe and really easy an fast
to prepare.

Marley_Mom

Rating: 5 stars

03/26/2009

This came out super juicy and delicious. I especially like that the directions
state to DRINK half the beer instead of discard it.

Paul

Rating: 5 stars

11/08/2015

Drink the whole can of beer and fill the can with water. THERE IS NO
DIFFERENCE! I have tried this recipe with various liquids, including straight
juice from hot peppers and all liquids do is add moisture. I do like cooking
chicken this way, but rubbing it with spices is more important.

STARDUST_331

Rating: 4 stars

07/08/2014

We didn't love this chicken for the same reason others mentioned - the poultry
seasoning was a little weird. But this recipe has to stay in my recipe box
forever because the technique of skewering the beercan so it stays in when you
move the chicken around is just a stroke of absolute brilliance. It's the
reason for the 4 star recipe.

Mark sartin

Rating: 5 stars

07/03/2018

I used a little different approach.i used the liver and gizzard.added them to
a half can of beer.rubbed the chicken with olive oil,and then put Lemmon
pepper on the outside,and rubbed the inside with olive oil and a little garlic
powder.cooked on 350/375 on charcoal grill for an hour and a half,and
presto.this was pretty dang good.

Peter Schubert

Rating: 4 stars

06/21/2016

I recommend to mix the spices with oil (Oliven. rapeseed oil), rather than
poultry spices I take pepper, salt and a little cinnamon. Thus all rub evenly.
For smoke flavor, I use fir branches or spruce, which produces a good
Räuchereffekt. Lg Peter

Billy D

Rating: 5 stars

10/07/2018

I love the idea of Liquid Smoke. That's great if you do not want to actually
use a smoker. I made this years ago however this recipe has some great hacks.
The skewer through the whole chicken and can pull tab is a great idea. It made
moving the bird around easy.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Drunk Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Drunk Chicken

##  All Reviews for Drunk Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Drunk Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 443.1  

% Daily Value *

protein:  44.4g  89 %

carbohydrates:  6.3g  2 %

dietary fiber:  0.6g  2 %

sugars:  0.1g

fat:  23.1g  36 %

saturated fat:  6.3g  32 %

cholesterol:  140.4mg  47 %

vitamin a iu:  387.8IU  8 %

niacin equivalents:  22.2mg  171 %

vitamin b6:  0.7mg  46 %

vitamin c:  0.6mg  1 %

folate:  20mcg  5 %

calcium:  74.8mg  8 %

iron:  3.7mg  21 %

magnesium:  52.6mg  19 %

potassium:  412.2mg  12 %

sodium:  135.6mg  5 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  12 %

calories from fat:  207.5

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Drunk Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 38

Drunk Chicken

1 of 12 Drunk Chicken

Billy D

Drunk Chicken

2 of 12 Drunk Chicken

Mark sartin

Drunk Chicken

3 of 12 Drunk Chicken

Kristy H

Drunk Chicken

4 of 12 Drunk Chicken

matt green

Drunk Chicken

5 of 12 Drunk Chicken

jessie

Drunk Chicken

6 of 12 Drunk Chicken

Andy Broadley

Drunk Chicken

7 of 12 Drunk Chicken

Nobody'sGirl

Drunk Chicken

8 of 12 Drunk Chicken

nikkionwine

Drunk Chicken

9 of 12 Drunk Chicken

Holly J Chadwick

Drunk Chicken

10 of 12 Drunk Chicken

LucyDelRey

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Drunk Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Drunk Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

