https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/drunken-chicken


Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Drunken Chicken

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * My Saved Recipes

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

Search

Search

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * Video
  * My Saved Recipes

# Drunken Chicken

By Grace Young

April 5, 2022

Save Story

save recipe

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Photo by Joseph De Leo, Prop Styling by Anne Eastman, Food Styling by Lillian
Chou

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Unlike the Western-style of poaching chicken, this method for drunken chicken
calls for vigorously boiling the chicken, then rapidly cooling it down with
ice water. This is done twice, which results in the chicken being succulent
and juicy. The chicken is then scented and infused with Shaoxing wine and
served with the classic ginger and scallion sauce. Shaoxing rice wine is
available in Chinese grocery and liquor stores; if you have choices of
multiple bottlings, choose the more expensive option for this dish. A bonus of
this recipe is the poaching liquid, which is a lovely light broth that can be
reserved for soups.

## Ingredients

Serves 4 to 6 as part of a multi-course meal

One 4-lb. broiler-fryer chicken

4¼ tsp. salt

8 quarts ice water

1 cup Shaoxing rice cooking wine

¼ cup finely shredded green scallions

¼ cup finely shredded ginger

3 Tbsp. vegetable oil

### Step 1

Remove any fat pockets from the chicken. Rub chicken with about 2 tsp. salt.
Rinse the chicken under cold water and drain on a rack.

### Step 2

In a 6-quart pot, or a pot large enough to fit the chicken, bring 3 quarts
cold water to a boil over high heat, covered. Carefully add chicken, breast-
side up, adding more boiling water, if necessary, to completely cover chicken.
Cover and return to a boil over high heat. When the broth returns to a rolling
boil, boil vigorously over high heat, uncovered, 17 minutes, removing any scum
that rises to the surface. Remove from heat. Using 2 heavy spoons, carefully
transfer hot chicken to a colander in the sink. Slowly pour 4 quarts ice water
over the chicken, until chicken is warm to the touch.

### Step 3

Return the chicken cooking liquid to a rolling boil over high heat. Again,
carefully add the partially cooked chicken, breast-side up, adding more
boiling water, if necessary, to completely cover chicken. Return to a boil
over high heat, uncovered. When the broth returns to a rolling boil, boil
vigorously over high heat, uncovered, 17 minutes, removing any scum that rises
to the surface. Remove from heat. Using 2 heavy spoons, carefully transfer hot
chicken to a colander in the sink. (The chicken should register 170 degrees
when tested with a meat thermometer at the meatiest part of the thigh. If not,
return to the pot and simmer several more minutes.) Slowly pour the remaining
4 quarts of ice water over the chicken in the colander, until chicken is warm
to the touch. Save the chicken broth and reserve for soups.

### Step 4

Place the chicken on a rack and air-dry 30 minutes in a cool and breezy room.
Sprinkle the entire surface of the chicken with 3⁄4 tsp. salt. With a meat
cleaver, chop the chicken through the bone into bite-size pieces, reserving
any chicken juices (or disjoint into serving pieces). Place the chicken in a
casserole dish and pour rice wine over the chicken. Cover and marinate 1 to 2
hours at room temperature, occasionally basting chicken with rice wine. Pour
reserved juices back into the casserole.

### Step 5

Meanwhile, place scallions, ginger, and remaining 1½ tsp. salt in a small
heatproof dish. In a small skillet, heat oil over high heat until hot but not
smoking. Carefully pour hot oil over scallions and ginger. The oil will make a
crackling sound as it hits the scallions and ginger. Serve chicken with
scallion-ginger sauce at room temperature.

From _The Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen_ by Grace Young. Copyright © 1999 by
Grace Young. Reprinted by permission of Simon & Schuster, Inc. Buy the full
book from Simon & Schuster or Amazon.

How would you rate Drunken Chicken?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

TagsChickenChineseChinaGinger

## See Related Recipes and Cooking Tips

  * ### How to Make Perfectly Sticky and Succulent Char Siu at Home

Char siu—Cantonese barbecued pork—is a favorite, often enjoyed at restaurants
or picked up from barbecue shops. But it's easy to make a great version at
home.

Chevron

Chevron

Read More

Maple Whiskey Chicken Lollipops

Seasoned, smoked, and slicked with a simple maple whiskey glaze, these chicken
lollipops are epic for any summer celebration.

By Derek Wolf

Instant Pot Chogae Guksu (Cold Chicken Noodles)

Chogae guksu has a refreshing, cold broth, with chicken, veggies, and egg to
make it a balanced meal.

By Nancy Cho

Brooklyn Blackout Cake

With smooth chocolate pudding buttercream sandwiched between layers of moist
devil’s food cake, the Brooklyn blackout cake is a dessert fit for chocolate
lovers.

By Erin Patinkin

Ratatouille

This simple ratatouille recipe combines summer vegetables into an easy,
flavorful stew that can be served as an appetizer, main, or side dish.

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

A Very Dramatic Crepe Cake

For this towering crepe cake, thin crepes are stacked and sandwiched with an
easy pastry cream.

By Vallery Lomas

Kung Pao Chicken

Kung pao chicken is a beloved Chinese take-out staple, but its balance of
salt, sweet, tang, and heat is easy to re-create at home.

By Diana Kuan

Smoked Sweet Potatoes

Sweet potatoes get a subtle smoky flavor that's delicious with a brown sugar
butter drizzle.

By Derek Wolf

15-Minute Burst Cherry Tomato Pasta

Juicy and sweet cherry tomatoes burst open in warm olive oil, creating a
luxuriously silky sauce that comes together in minutes.

By Anna Stockwell

Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook,
with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000
recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * YouTube

  * Instagram

More from Epicurious

  * Newsletters
  * Epicurious Cookware
  * Subscription FAQs

Connect

  * Careers
  * Press Center
  * Advertising
  * Masthead
  * Contact Us

  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Condé Nast Store
  * Condé Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Epicurious_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

