https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/zui-ji-drunken-chicken


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Ingredients
  3. Chicken
  4. Whole Chicken
  5. Zui Ji (Drunken Chicken)

# Zui Ji (Drunken Chicken)

Rating: Unrated

  * Be the first to rate & review! 

This classic Shanghainese banquet dish is traditionally served at the new year
to represent togetherness and rebirth. To "intoxicate" the chicken, it's
marinated in rice wine for up to 5 days, so this is a great dish to make
ahead. The final flavor will be pungent and alcohol-forward, so choose a high-
quality Shaoxing wine.

By Danielle Chang

February 2021

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Zui Ji (Drunken Chicken)

Credit: Photo by Greg DuPree / Food Styling by Torie Cox / Prop Styling by
Claire Spollen

## Recipe Summary

active:

25 mins

additional:

1 day

total:

1 hr 25 mins

Servings:

4

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 3-pound whole chicken 
  * 1 1-inch piece fresh ginger, smashed 
  * 2 teaspoons fine sea salt 
  * 2 cups (16 ounces) Shaoxing wine (preferably Pagoda brand) 
  * Fresh chives (both stems and flowers) 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Place chicken and ginger in a large pot, and add water to cover. Bring to a
simmer over high. Cover, reduce heat to low, and gently simmer until a
thermometer inserted in thickest portion of chicken breast registers 155°F, 20
to 25 minutes. To help maintain a gentle simmer as chicken cooks, reposition
pot over stovetop burner so that the heat source only partially touches bottom
of the pot. Remove from heat. Using tongs, transfer chicken to a cutting
board. Let cool 15 minutes. Reserve 2 cups cooking water.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Using a cleaver, chop chicken Chinese-style into bite-sized pieces. Place
chicken pieces in a medium bowl, and sprinkle evenly with salt.

  * Step 3

Stir together wine and reserved 1 cup cooking water in a small bowl, and pour
over chicken pieces. Gently stir to coat, being careful not to disturb chicken
skin. Cover bowl with plastic wrap; chill at least 1 day or up to 5 days.

  * Step 4

When you are ready to serve, remove chicken pieces from marinade, and transfer
to a platter; discard marinade. Cut chive stems and flowers over chicken to
garnish.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews

Add Rating & Review

Be the first to rate and review! No ratings or reviews yet.

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Zui Ji (Drunken Chicken)

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Zui Ji (Drunken Chicken)

##  All Reviews for Zui Ji (Drunken Chicken)

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Zui Ji (Drunken Chicken)

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

