https://simpleindianrecipes.com/noodlesvegstirfry.aspx


Simple Indian Recipes...

Delicious and healthy dishes that can be made even by first timers.

  * __

  * __

  * __

  * __

  * __

  * __

Toggle main menu visibility  Menu __

  * Home
  * Recipes By Category
    * Appetizers
      * Appetizer - Finger Foods
      * Appetizer - Salads
      * Appetizer - Soups
      * Appetizer - Snacks & Sweets
    * Beverages
    * Condiments
      * Pickles
      * Dry Chutney Powders
      * Raitas
      * Jams
      * Chutneys
      * Sauces
    * Vegetarian - Gravies
      * Daal Varieties
      * Rich Creamy Curry
      * Tomato Based Curry
      * Tamarind Based Curry
      * Yogurt Based Curry
      * Coconut Based Curry
    * Vegetarian - Side dishes
      * Vegetables with Lentils
      * Vegetable Masalas
      * Vegetable Fry
    * Non Vegetarian - Gravies
    * Non Vegetarian - Side dishes
    * Entree - Rice Varieties
      * Biriyani and Pulao Varieties
      * Variety Rice
      * Vegetable Rice
    * Entree - Fast Food
      * Sandwich Varieties
    * Entree - Tiffin Varieties
      * Idli Dosa Varieties
      * Pasta and Noodles Varieties
      * Porridge Varieties
      * Roti Varieties
      * Upma Kichadi Pongal Varieties
      * Other Traditional Tiffin Varieties
      * Other Exotic Tiffin Varieties
      * Dumplings
    * Desserts - Cakes & Cookies
      * Cakes and Muffins
      * Cookies and Biscuits
    * Desserts - International
      * Pie Varieties
      * Pudding Varieties
    * Desserts - Desi Sweets
      * Halwa Varieties
      * Ice Cream Varieties
      * Kheer (Payasam) Varieties
      * Ladoo Varieties
    * Miscellaneous
      * Spice Mixes
  * Recipes By Region
    * International Recipes
      * American Cuisine
      * Chinese Cuisine
      * French Cuisine
      * Italian Cuisine
      * Mexican Cuisine
      * Pakistan Cuisine
      * Sri Lankan Cuisine
      * Thai Cuisine
    * Andhra Cuisine
    * Bengali Recipes
    * Goan Cuisine
    * Gujarati Recipes
    * Karnataka Cuisine
    * Kerala Recipes
      * Palakkad Cuisine
    * Maharashtrian Recipes
      * CKP Cuisine
    * Pahari Recipes
    * Odisha Cuisine
    * Punjabi Recipes
    * Tamilnadu Recipes
      * Chettinad Cuisine
    * Rajasthani Recipes
  * Recipes By Ingredients
    * Vegetables (A - C)
      * Asparagus
      * Basil
      * Beetroot
      * Bell Peppers
      * Bittergourd
      * Bok Choy
      * Bottle Gourd
      * Broccoli
      * Brussels Sprouts
      * Cabbage
      * Carrot
      * Cauliflower
      * Celery
      * Cilantro
      * Corn
      * Cucumber
      * Curry Leaves
      * Chili Pepper
      * Cluster Beans
      * Banana Flower
      * Banana Stem
    * Vegetables (D - P)
      * Drumstick
      * Eggplant
      * Fenugreek Leaves
      * Garlic
      * Green Beans
      * Green Peas
      * Greens
      * Ivygourd
      * Lotus Root
      * Mint
      * Mushroom
      * Neem Flower
      * Okra
      * Onion
      * Potato
      * Pumpkin
      * Kohlrabi (Knol Khol)
      * Ginger
    * Vegetables (Q - Z)
      * Radish
      * Ridgegourd
      * Rutabaga
      * Scallions
      * Snakegourd
      * Raw Banana
      * Spinach
      * Squash Varieties
      * Sweet Potato
      * Tapioca
      * Tomato
      * Turnip
      * Yam
      * Yellow Squash
      * Zucchini
    * Fruits (A - C)
      * Apple
      * Avocado
      * Banana
      * Berries
      * Cherry
      * Cranberry
    * Fruits (D - P)
      * Figs
      * Gooseberry
      * Grapefruit
      * Grapes
      * Guava
      * Jackfruit
      * Lemon
      * Lychee
      * Mango
      * Orange
      * Papaya
      * Pineapple
    * Fruits (Q - Z)
      * Strawberry
      * Tamarind
      * Watermelon
      * Sugar Palm Fruit
    * Dairy
      * Cream
      * Curd
      * Paneer
      * Cheese
      * Milk
    * Grains Cereals Pulses
      * Dry Beans
      * Maida
      * Millet
      * Oats
      * Rava
      * Flattened Rice
      * Rice
      * Wheat
      * Quinoa
      * Gram-Flour
    * Herbs
      * Basil
      * Carom Seeds
      * Cilantro
      * Curry Leaves
      * Dill
      * Mint
      * Scallions
    * Meat Poultry Seafood
      * Beef
      * Chicken
      * Crab
      * Egg
      * Fish
      * Kheema
      * Mutton
      * Prawns
      * Quail
      * Turkey
    * Nuts, Spices
      * Almond
      * Cashews
      * Coconut
      * Peanut
      * Flaxseed
      * Sesame Seeds
      * Walnut
    * Other Ingredients
      * Soya
      * Sprouts
      * Tofu
  * Specials
    * Diet With Restrictions
      * Diabetic Recipes
      * Diet and Low Calorie Recipes
      * Vegan-Recipes
      * Allergy Free Recipes
      * Raw Food Diet
      * Sattvic Diet
      * Home Remedies
    * Cooking Appliances
      * Slow Cooker
      * Microwave Oven Recipes
      * Pressure Cooker
    * Festival Recipes
      * Christmas Recipes
      * Diwali Recipes
      * Ganesh Chaturthi Recipes
      * Green Food
      * Halloween Recipes
      * Holi Recipes
      * Janmashtami Recipes
      * Karthigai Deepam
      * Navaratri Recipes
      * Onam Sadya
      * Ramzan Recipes
      * Tamil New Year
      * Thanksgiving Recipes
      * Tricolour Recipes
      * Valentines Recipes
      * Vishu Recipes
      * Makar Sankranti and Pongal
    * Quick-Fix Recipes
      * Lunch Box Recipes
      * Instant Recipes
      * Left Over Recipes
    * Age wise Recipes
      * Kids Recipes
      * Bachelor Recipes
      * Beginner Basics
    * Glossary
      * Fish Names
      * Fruit Names
      * Herbs and Greens
      * Legumes and Pulses
      * Milk and Dairy Products
      * Spices and Nuts
      * Vegetables
    * Menu Ideas
  * More
    * User Recipes
    * About Us
    * Contact Us
    * Terms Of Use
    * Privacy Statement
    * Articles

#  Noodles and Vegetables Stir Fry

  * Share 
  * __
  * __
  *   * __
  * __

__  Published **2009-Jul-21**   __  Updated **2019-Feb-25**

\- Submitted by Sabina

##### (Rice Noodles Stir Fry, Egg Noodles Stir Fry, Indo-Chinese Noodles Stir
Fry)

* * *

Jump to recipe ↓

Many of us have the same question - What to make for dinner? Its one of the
toughest things to decide each day. The dinner menu has to be quick to make
after a long tired day but at the same time nutritious and appealing to kids.
Todays recipe, **Rice Noodles and Vegetabes Stir Fry** is one such recipe that
fulfills all criteria.

Kids love noodles. Noodles doesn't always mean that it has to be made with the
tastemaker that comes with it. Just browse thrugh your grocery store and you
will find healthy options of noodles. Here I have used rice noodles but you
could use any other noodles too. Be sure to cook the noodles just right so
that it doesn't get mushy. I usually add any type of noodles to hot boiling
water and drain it after exactly one minute. It just comes of perfect.

So try this recipe of **Noodles Veg Stir Fry** , loaded with vegetables.
Actually you could use whatever veggies or meat that you have on hand. It is
quite filling and tasty.

## Recipe for Noodles & Vegetables Stir-Fry

#### Preparation Time : 15 minutes  
Cooking Time : 20 minutes  
Serves : 4

### Ingredients

  * Noodles - 1 packet ( about 8 oz - You could use any noodles like egg noodles, rice noodles, whole wheat noodles etc.)
  * Mixed Stir Fry Vegetables - 2 cups (You can use onions, green onions, bell peppers, mushrooms, baby corn, carrots, broccoli, green peas, cabbage, snap peas, beans, chest nuts etc.)
  * Shrimp / Shredded Rotisserie Chicken \- 1/2 cup (optional)
  * Garlic - 3 cloves (minced)
  * Red Pepper Flakes - 1/2 tsp
  * Chilly Garlic Sauce/ Schezwan Hot Sauce - 2 tsp
  * Soy Sauce - 2 tsp
  * Olive Oil - 1 tbsp

### Method

  1. Cook the noodles as per the package instructions with enough salt to season the noodles.
  2. In a large wok/ kadai, heat some olive oil and add the minced garlic.
  3. Fry for a minute and then add the red pepper flakes.
  4. Add all the mixed vegetables and stir fry for few minutes till the vegetables are half cooked but still have its crunch.
  5. Add the shrimp (or chicken) to this and mix together. It is very important to do the whole cooking process on medium high heat so that vegetables dont become soggy.
  6. Add all the sauces and mix well.
  7. Finally add the noodles. Stir fry everything together on high heat for few more minutes till everything is heated through and the flavours blend well.
  8. Garnish with some toasted sesame seeds or finely chopped green onions if needed.

## Serving Rice Noodles Stir Fry

  * Serve the piping hot noodles & veg stir-fry with some sauce like ketchup or green chili sauce.

## Variations

  * This is a versatile recipe. Each time you could try with different type of noodles and different vegetables available. With each combination, the taste differs. Below is the picture of the same noodles vegetables stir fry with shrimp made on another occasion.

  
First stir fry the noodles with the sauces

  
Next add the noodles and toss together

## More Pasta and Noodle Recipes

Ragi Idiyappam |  Hakka Noodles |  Pasta with white sauce |  Channa Pasta  
---|---|---|---  
See more ⟩⟩  
  
  * Share 
  * __
  * __
  *   * __
  * __

* * *

* * *

Post a new comment

****

2000 Characters left

Name  
Your name will be displayed next to your comment.  

Email  
Email will NOT be displayed publicly.  

Opt out from receiving email if someone replies to your comment.

Cancel       Save Comment

Comments (4)

** Ashley**   (January 6, 2015)

I have oral allergy syndrome, so i have to cook my veggies ttil the crunch is
gone but still yummy!

Reply

** Dahlia (S.I.R. Author)**   (January 26, 2015)

Oh. Make it according to your preference. Cooking is all about customizing to
your comfort and taste. :-)

Reply

** your name**   (May 9, 2014)

give photos to method or give a video clip for recipes why you are giving more
names like edite

Reply

** Dahlia (S.I.R. Author)**   (May 25, 2014)

Sure. will add more pics in future.

Reply

  

Post Comment

  

* * *

  
Hi, I'm Dahlia, living in Chennai. Having lived in different parts of India
and USA, I have been exposed to different cuisines. Trying new recipes is my
passion. More about me ⟩⟩

Subscribe Email Newsletter

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter...

__  Subscribe!

New Recipes

**Breakfast**  
Dhapate

**Gravy**  
Yellow Pumpkin Mor Kuzhambu

**Side**  
Broccoli Green Gram Stir Fry

Popular

**Side Dish**  
Prawns Masala

**Main Dish**  
Kerala Matta Rice

**Gravy**  
Methi Murg/Chicken

**Gravy**  
Yellow Squash Curry

Special Features

**Diet**  & Weight Loss Recipes **Diabetic**  Friendly Dishes **200+**
Breakfast Recipes **100+**  Dessert Varieties **90+**  Indian Snacks **90+**
Rice Varieties **80+**  Authentic Indian Sweets **60+**  Chicken Dishes
**55+**  Restaurant Dishes **40+**  Recipes with Left Overs **30+**  Pasta &
Noodle Recipes **Healthy**  Broccoli Dishes **Quick**   & Instant Recipes Top
**10**  Cooking Tips

__  Published by **Dahlia Twinkle** on **2009-07-21** and last updated on
**2019-02-25**.

  * Terms Of Use
  * |
  * Privacy Statement

Copyright (C) 2007 - 2022 SimpleIndianRecipes.com. All Rights Reserved.

##### Search Recipes...

×

__

