http://www.tasty-indian-recipes.com/indo-chinese/schezwan-noodles-recipe/


__

__

__

  * Veg __
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Paneer Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Indian Dal Recipes
    * Indian Bread
    * Paratha Recipes
  * Non Veg __
    * Chicken
    * Chicken Kebab Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Egg
    * Fish
  * Indo Chinese
  * Snacks __
    * Indian Snack Recipes
    * Indian Chaat Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
  * Kebab
  * Breakfast
  * Accompaniment __
    * Chutney
    * Raita Recipes
    * Sweets Recipes
    * Desserts
    * Soup Recipes
    * Cake Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Jam, Jelly and Candy Recipes
    * Pudding Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Pickle Recipes
  * Regional __
    * Bengali Recipes
    * Gujrati Recipes
    * Goan Recipes
    * Hyderabadi Recipes
    * Kashmiri Recipes
    * Maharashtrian Recipes
    * Punjabi Recipes
    * Rajasthani Recipes
    * Sindhi Recipes
    * South Indian Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
  * More __
    * Beverages
    * Pizza Recipes
    * Articles
    * Indian Cooking Glossary
    * Healthy Cooking
    * Kitchen Care

__

Search

  * Veg Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * IndoChinese
  * Snack
  * Fast Cooking
  * Breakfast
  * Kebab
  * Chutney
  * Easy
  * Pizza
  * Sandwich
  * Egg

__

Tasty Indian Recipes

__

  * Veg
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Paneer Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Indian Dal Recipes
    * Indian Bread
    * Paratha Recipes
  * Non Veg
    * Chicken
    * Chicken Kebab Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Egg
    * Fish
  * Indo Chinese
  * Snacks
    * Indian Snack Recipes
    * Indian Chaat Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
  * Kebab
  * Breakfast
  * Accompaniment
    * Chutney
    * Raita Recipes
    * Sweets Recipes
    * Desserts
    * Soup Recipes
    * Cake Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Jam, Jelly and Candy Recipes
    * Pudding Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Pickle Recipes
  * Regional
    * Bengali Recipes
    * Gujrati Recipes
    * Goan Recipes
    * Hyderabadi Recipes
    * Kashmiri Recipes
    * Maharashtrian Recipes
    * Punjabi Recipes
    * Rajasthani Recipes
    * Sindhi Recipes
    * South Indian Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
  * More
    * Beverages
    * Pizza Recipes
    * Articles
    * Indian Cooking Glossary
    * Healthy Cooking
    * Kitchen Care

____

Home __Indo Chinese __ Schezwan Noodles Recipe

  * Indo Chinese

# Schezwan Noodles Recipe

__

Share on Facebook

__

Tweet on Twitter

______

Schezwan Noodles Recipe is the very famous IndoChinese dish served at fast
food joints all over India. **Schezwan Noodles Recipe** is made with dried
boiled Hakka Noodles, fresh vegetables and Schezwan Sauce. Schezwan Noodles is
a very quick and easy recipe because it requires very less skills and can be
made within 10 minutes, also making it fast cooking recipe.

To make Schezwan Noodles you can use home made schezwan sauce or any brand of
ready made schezwan sauce available near your home. There are few more
schezwan recipes in my blog, such as Veg Schezwan Fried Rice, Schezwan
Mushroom Dry, Crispy Paneer in Schezwan Sauce, all of these recipes taste very
good with Schezwan Noodles.Before we start making these noodles, let me tell
you that it is very important to cook the Chinese Dishes on high flame,
because it needs continuous stirring and tossing. To get the smoky flavor,
always increase the stove top flame to the maximum and stir fry the veggies on
a high heat. Try to use a good **Wok** or a thick and heavy based non-stick
pan for making this recipe at home, then the vegetables will not get burnt
even after cooking on high flame.

> **Stir Frying / Tossing food in a pan** is a technique through which you can
> mix food very well and apply heat evenly. Its not easy to master it but
> practice will make you perfect. It is also difficult for some women to toss
> food in a pan due to weight of the pan. Solution in such situation is to
> cook small quantity of food at one time.

Let's start making Schezwan Noodles. Following are the ingredients required
for making **Schezwan Noodles Recipe** (Capsicum, Carrot, Cabbage, Onion,
Garlic, Green chilies, Spring Onion (Greens) and Plain Noodles). For exact
quantities please refer to recipe snippet below:

Boil the water and add Hakka Noodles in it. No need to break the Noodles, add
them as it is to make them lengthy. Mix in little bit of salt and cook the
Noodles on medium flame for 6-7 minutes.  When the Noodles are almost done,
then strain it in the colander / sieve. Refresh the boiled Noodles with
running water and then sprinkle about 1/2 teaspoon of oil over it. This will
make noodles little elastic and less sticky. Set them aside to dry, its a good
idea to keep them below fan to dry them faster. Make sure that Noodles are not
sticky and separated well. See how dry and less sticky my noodles look, when I
pick them.  In heating oil, add finely sliced Onion and Slitted Green chilies.
Add chopped Garlic and stir fry with Onion and Chilies for about 1 minute.Add
Cabbage, Carrot and Capsicum and toss them on high flame. Add about 1/4
teaspoon White Pepper Powder and Salt to taste. Toss them on high flame for
3-4 minutes or till the Veggies cooked. It may be noted that you have to cook
them fast on high flame to make sure they are properly cooked but little
crunchy.Add 1 tablespoon Schezwan Sauce and mix very well. Toss whole mixture
for 1 more minute on high flame.Finally mix in boiled Noodles, 1 teaspoon
Vinegar and Green Spring Onions and add a pinch of red orange food color. Add
2 pinches of Red-Orange Food Color. You may skip the food color as it only
provides color to noodles. I have added little food color in my noodles to
make them look yummy.Your Schezwan Noodles Recipe is now ready. Serve it hot
with Schezwan sauce.

##  How to make Veg Schezwan Noodles Recipe:

Print

Schezwan Noodles Recipe

Rating: 51

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 20 minutes

Yield: 3 cups

Serving Size: 1 cup

Calories per serving: 472

Fat per serving: 13.6g

Schezwan Noodles Recipe is made with Boiled Hakka Noodles, Vegetables and
Schezwan Sauce. Schezwan Noodles is very easy and fast cooking recipe.

Ingredients

  * 1 pack (100 grams) Hakka Noodles 
  * 3 cups water 
  * 1/2 cup cabbage, shredded 
  * 1 small capsicum, grated 
  * 1/2 cup carrot, grated or sliced finely 
  * 1/2 cup spring onion (white part), finely chopped 
  * 1/2 cup spring onion (green part), finely chopped 
  * 3-4 green chilies, slited 
  * 6-7 cloves of garlic / lahsun, finely chopped 
  * 1 tablespoon Schezwan Sauce 
  * 1/4 teaspoon white pepper powder 
  * A pinch of red-orange food color (optional) 
  * 2 tablespoon oil 
  * Salt to taste

Instructions

  1. Boil about 3 cups of water in a big vessel and add noodles in it. Add 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook the noodles for 6-7 minutes on medium high flame. Adjust the salt as required. When noodles are almost cooked, strain them in a colander and put some cold water on them to prevent them from cooking further. Spread about 1/2 teaspoon of oil over on boiled noodles. In this way noodles will not be sticky which is very important for tossing. Dry noodles completely. 
  2. In a non-stick pan, add 2 tablespoon of oil and add sliced onion, slitted green chilies in it. Saute them for about 1 minute on high flame. Now add chopped garlic and saute it for 30 more seconds on high flame. Add remaining vegetables (Carrot, Cabbage and Capsicum) and stir fry them on high flame for 2-3 minutes. 
  3. Add 1/4 teaspoon of white pepper powder, salt to taste and add 1 tablespoon of Schezwan Sauce and stir fry them for 1 more minute. 
  4. Now add boiled dry noodles, pinch of red orange color, 1 teaspoon vinegar, finely chopped spring onion leaves and start mixing them on high flame. You may add some oil at this point to make noodles less sticky and to mix everything very well. Stir frying / Tossing food in a pan is a technique through which you can mix food very well and apply heat evenly. Its not easy to master it but practice will make you perfect. It is also difficult for some women to toss food in pan due to weight of the pan. Also, it is best to cook these noodles in a wok to make sure food falls inside the pan while tossing and not spreading around the gas. Keep tossing your noodles. If you find it difficult to toss, lift the noodles with 2 fork spoons and keep mixing them. 
  5. Keep mixing / tossing your noodles for 2-3 minutes on high flame, your Schezwan Noodles Recipe is now ready. Serve it hot with Schezwan sauce.

Notes

Red-Orange Food color is an optional ingredient here, if you want you can skip
it and keep the noodles natural in color. If you want to make this noodles
more spicy, then you can add little Red Chili Sauce or green chilli sauce in
it.

3.1

Tasty Indian Recipes

### Related Recipes

  * Vegetable 65 Recipe
  * Hakka Noodles Recipe
  * Dry Manchurian Recipe
  * Vegetable Manchurian Recipe
  * Chinese Spring Roll Recipe
  * Upma Recipe
  * Chinese Schezwan Sauce Recipe
  * Indian Chinese Recipes
  * Sweet Corn Soup Recipe
  * Spring Roll Recipe
  * Chilli Chicken Recipe
  * Aloo Pakora Recipe

  * TAGS
  * Chinese Recipes
  * featured_indian_recipe
  * Indian Chinese Recipes
  * Indo Chinese Food
  * Kids Recipes
  * Lunch Box Recipes
  * quick and easy Recipes
  * School Tiffin Recipes
  * Tiffin Recipes
  * Vegetarian recipes
  * Wedding Reception Recipes

SHARE

__

Facebook

__

Twitter

______

  *   * tweet

Nidhi

#### 10 COMMENTS

  1. sonia July 16, 2014 at 1:51 pm

Wow looks very yummy

Reply

  2. Sunita July 16, 2014 at 2:28 pm

Very Nice clicks, looking very yummy.

Reply

  3. pranali July 19, 2014 at 1:39 pm

i made these yesterday and it came out really good. my husband also liked it
allot. do you have chopsey recipe? thanks.

Reply

  4. rani July 19, 2014 at 4:19 pm

Yummy bowlful of noodles looks delicious

Reply

  5. aruna July 19, 2014 at 4:19 pm

looks perfect and delicious nidhi 🙂

Reply

  6. kiran July 19, 2014 at 4:19 pm

Lovely vibrant noodles.Must try for me

Reply

  7. madhuri July 19, 2014 at 4:20 pm

thats a nice dish for my dinner but I miss your garnishing ideas

Reply

  8. minu July 19, 2014 at 4:21 pm

Very useful.. yummy… 🙂 Thanks dear nidhi

Reply

  9. Meena Sonu July 31, 2014 at 5:59 pm

My all time favorite. You are done it beautifully. thanks.

Reply

  10. Ashish September 12, 2014 at 11:09 pm

i made it,it was delicious thanksssssssssssssssssss

Reply

### LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply

Please enter your comment!

Please enter your name here

You have entered an incorrect email address!

Please enter your email address here

#### Indian Recipe Search

#### Recipes for Kids

### Classic Chicken Sandwich Recipe

Priya - April 17, 2012

0

Classic Chicken Sandwich is a great non-veg snack dish, here the boiled
chicken is lightly cooked and mixed with cream and mayonnaise. It is...

### Saffron Flavored Almond Milk Recipe

April 15, 2014

### Idli Fry Recipe

May 15, 2014

### Potato Wedges Recipe

May 19, 2012

### Cheese Pav Bhaji Recipe

March 29, 2014

Load more __

####  POPULAR CATEGORIES

  * Indian Snack Recipes202
  * Vegetable Recipes141
  * Paneer Recipes94
  * Indian Breakfast87
  * Chicken Recipes83
  * Rice Recipes69

(C) Tasty-Indian-Recipes.com

Edit with Live CSS

Save

Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete.

