https://www.tastesofmalabar.com/recipe/schezwan-style-chicken-hakka-noodles/


__Login

  * Home
  * Appetizer
    * Iftar Special
    * Snacks
    * Sandwiches/ Burgers
  * Main Course
    * Breakfast
    * Chicken Dishes
    * Beef and Mutton Recipes
    * Dips/ Chutneys/ Jam
    * Kerala Veg Dishes
    * Pasta/ Noodles
    * Pickle
    * Pizza
    * Rice items
    * Seafood
    * Special Veg Dishes
  * Dessert
    * Cakes
    * Pudding
    * Sweets
  * Drinks
    * Juice
    * Shakes

__Login

  * Soups & Salads
    * Salads
    * Soups
  * Kids Corner
  * Recipe Search
  * Submit Recipe

Find Recipes __

Recipe Type (Any) Appetizer\- Iftar Special Snacks\- Snacks Dessert\- Cakes\-
pudding\- Sweets Drinks\- Juices\- Shakes Kids Corner Main Course\- Beef and
Mutton Dishes\- Breakfast\- Chicken Dishes\- Dips/ Chutneys/ Jam\- Kerala Veg
Dishes\- Pickle\- Pizza/ Pasta/ Noodles\- Rice Items\- Sandwiches/ Burgers\-
Seafood Dishes\- Special Veg Dishes Soups/ Salads\- Salads\- Soups

Course (Any) Breakfast Brunch Dessert Dinner Drinks Lunch Soups/ Salads
Starter

Cuisine (Any) Canadian Chinese English French Goan Indian Italian Kerala Style
Malabar Cuisine North Indian South Indian Spanish

Skill Level (Any) Easy Expert Medium

__

# Schezwan Style Chicken Hakka Noodles

__Print Recipe

(4.7 / 5)

  * Cuisine: Chinese
  * Course: Dinner
  * Skill Level: Medium

Chinese foods are always famous for their special tangy flavours. People love
Chinese foods cannot ignore the amazing schezwan dishes for any cost. I love
schezwan foods for their spicy combinations. Schezwan dishes has an ancient
history for their wonderfull spice and sauce history. We are going to make a
schezwan style chicken hakka noodles. As the name indicates shezwan sauce is
the main ingredient using dry red chillies and garlic. Schezwan style chicken
Hakka noodles is much tastier as it added with the fried marinated chicken
strips in  soya and chilli sauce. It is one of the famous dish of the Chinese
cuisine.

### Ingredients

  * Add to Shopping List + Noodles-200gms 
  * Add to Shopping List + Chicken(cut into thin stripes) – 1 cup 
  * Add to Shopping List + Cabbage -1/2 cup shredded 
  * Add to Shopping List + Beans-1/4 cup shredded 
  * Add to Shopping List + Carrot-1/2 cup shredded 
  * Add to Shopping List + Spring Onions-1 cup chopped 
  * Add to Shopping List + Garlic -1/2 tbsp c hopped 
  * Add to Shopping List + Capsicum-1 finely shredded 
  * Add to Shopping List + Bell peppers(red yellow) – ½ cup 
  * Add to Shopping List + Celery-1 stem sliced 
  * Add to Shopping List + Oil-5 tbsp 
  * Add to Shopping List + Dry red c hillies-4 crushed 
  * Add to Shopping List + Soya sauce-1 tbsp 
  * Add to Shopping List + Tomato sauce-1 tbsp 
  * Add to Shopping List + Vinegar-1 tbsp 
  * Add to Shopping List + Chilly sauce-1 tbsp 
  * Add to Shopping List + Salt to taste 
  * Add to Shopping List + Pinch of pepper

### Step by step method

  * ### Step 1

Boil a litre of water in a large sauce pan and add salt. Add noodles to the
boiling water and cook till ¾ done, drain it. Run cold water through the
noodles to rinse off excess starch. Drain thoroughly and sprinkle 1 tbsp oil
and mix well.

  * ### Step 2

Marinate chicken stripes with soya sauce, chilli sauce and salt. Fry it. Keep
aside.

  * ### Step 3

Heat 5 tbsp oil and fry the crushed red chillies until light brown. Add garlic
and fry for 10 seconds and then add spring onions and stir fry it.

  * ### Step 4

Then add all the vegetables and stir fry for 2-3 minutes. Add fried chicken.

  * ### Step 5

Add noodles, add soya sauce, tomato sauce, vinegar, chilly sauce, salt and
pepper . Mix well. Remove to a serving plate.

  * Tags:
  * Chicken
  * Chinese
  * Non Veg Recipes
  * Noodles

  * __
  * __
  * __

### Related Recipes

### Shawarma Cake / Shawarma POla

(4.5/ 5)

### Chicken Braided Bread

(3.7/ 5)

### Amritsari Murgh Makhani

(3.8/ 5)

## Recent Recipes

  * ##### Shawarma Cake / Shawarma POla

May 7, 2020

  * ##### Chicken Braided Bread

April 30, 2020

  * ##### Amritsari Murgh Makhani

November 19, 2019

  * ##### Grape Jam / Homemade Grape Jam

October 1, 2019

## Weekly Special

Stuffed Egg Bajji / Egg Bonda

## Cooking Measurements

  * __1 cup = 250 ml = 16 Tablespoons
  *  __1/2 cup = 125 ml = 8 Tablespoons
  *  __1/3 cup = 83 ml = 5.3 Tablespoons
  *  __1/4 cup = 62 ml = 4 Tablespoons
  *  __1 Pinch = 1/8 Teaspoon

## Recent Posts

  * ##### Pazham Nirachathu/ Stuffed Plantains

July 7, 2015

  * ##### Erachi Petty/ Iftar Special Meat Box

July 7, 2015

  * ##### Bread Nirachathu/ Bread Stuffed with meat masala

March 19, 2015

  * ##### Murg Mussallam

December 17, 2014

## Tags

Appetizer Apple Banana Beef Bread Breakfast Carrot Chicken Chinese Chocolate
Curry Date Dessert Drinks Dry Fry Egg fish Gravy Iftar Special Kerala Veg Dish
Kids Corner Ladies Finger Malabar Style Mango Non Veg Recipes North-Indian
Paneer Pasta Pathiri Payasam Pineapple Pizza Pudding Rice Items Roast Salads
Seafood Shakes Side dish Snacks Special Veg Dish Sweet Sweets Thoran Veg
Recipes

Collection of traditional Kerala recipes especially Malabar dishes and recipes
that adopted from other cuisines, which will makes you feel proud about
yourself. All the recipes added here are tried by me at home.

## Newsletter Signup

Name:  
Email:  

## Get Social with Us

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

(C) Copyright 2019 All rights reserved by Tastes of Malabar

__

__

x

### Login

Username*

Password*

### Lost Password

Username or Email*

Login Lost Password

