https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/spicy-lemon-rosemary-pork-tenderloin


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Spicy Lemon-Rosemary Pork Tenderloin

# Spicy Lemon-Rosemary Pork Tenderloin

Rating: 5 stars

252 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 252 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 252 Ratings 

**More Pork Recipes**

Chef Jimmy Bradley

By Jimmy Bradley

April 2010

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Spicy Lemon-Rosemary Pork Tenderloin

Credit: (C) John Kernick

## Recipe Summary

active:

30 mins

total:

1 hr

Yield:

8

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 
  * 3/4 cup fresh lemon juice 
  * 1/4 cup rosemary leaves 
  * 2 tablespoons crushed red pepper 
  * 6 garlic cloves, chopped 
  * Four 1-pound pork tenderloins 
  * Salt and freshly ground pepper 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a large, resealable plastic bag, combine the oil, lemon juice, rosemary,
red pepper, garlic and pork. Press out any air in the bag, seal and
refrigerate for 6 to 8 hours.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Let the pork stand at room temperature for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 400°
and preheat a griddle or a very large skillet. Remove the pork from the
marinade. Scrape off most of the garlic and rosemary and season the
tenderloins with salt and pepper. Set them on the griddle and cook over high
heat until browned all over, about 6 minutes. Transfer the tenderloins to a
large rimmed baking sheet and roast in the oven for about 14 minutes, until an
instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part registers 130°. Cover
the tenderloins loosely with foil and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing
and serving.

##  Suggested Pairing

Pair this spicy pork with an aromatically intense, peppery Syrah.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews

Add Rating & Review

Be the first to review! No reviews yet.

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Spicy Lemon-Rosemary Pork Tenderloin

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Spicy Lemon-Rosemary Pork Tenderloin

##  All Reviews for Spicy Lemon-Rosemary Pork Tenderloin

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Spicy Lemon-Rosemary Pork Tenderloin

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

