https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/lemon-glazed-roast-pork-with-sage


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Lemon-Glazed Roast Pork with Sage

# Lemon-Glazed Roast Pork with Sage

Rating: Unrated

  * Be the first to rate & review! 

Bespectacled and moustachioed Prosper Montagné was one of the most influential
chefs of the twentieth century. His suckling pig recipe gave Laurent Gras the
idea for this pork roast. **Plus:More Pork Recipes and Tips**

201003-ip-laurent-gras.jpg

By Laurent Gras

October 2001

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

4

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * One 2-pound pork loin, boned and bones reserved 
  * 8 sage leaves, plus 2 large sprigs 
  * 2 tablespoons pure olive oil, plus more for rubbing 
  * Fine sea salt or kosher salt 
  * 4 lemons, zest removed in long, wide strips, plus 1 cup fresh lemon juice 
  * 3 tablespoons sugar 
  * Freshly ground pepper 
  * 4 cups chicken stock or canned low-sodium broth 
  * Cooked cauliflower 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Using a paring knife, make 8 incisions all over the pork roast. Roll up the
sage leaves and press each one into an incision. Rub the roast all over with
olive oil and lightly sprinkle with salt. Let marinate at room temperature for
up to 2 hours.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

In a small saucepan, simmer the lemon zest, juice and sugar over low heat,
stirring, until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 20 minutes; strain the syrup.

  * Step 3

Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a medium saucepan. Add the pork bones,
season with salt and pepper and brown over low heat for 10 minutes; discard
the fat. Add 2 cups of the stock and simmer until reduced by half, about 30
minutes. Add the remaining 2 cups of stock and simmer until reduced to 1 cup,
about 30 minutes. Add the sage sprigs and simmer until reduced to 1/2 cup,
about 20 more minutes; strain.

  * Step 4

Preheat the oven to 300°. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in an
ovenproof skillet. Add the pork, fat side down, and brown over moderate heat
for about 10 minutes; discard the fat. Turn the pork fat side up and roast for
30 minutes; baste twice with the lemon syrup. Roast for about 15 minutes,
basting with the pan juices, until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the
center registers 145°. Let the roast rest for 10 minutes.

  * Step 5

Reheat the sauce and season with salt and pepper. Carve the roast and serve
with the pan sauce and cauliflower.

##  Make Ahead

The recipe can be made through Step 3 and refrigerated for 1 day.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews

Add Rating & Review

Be the first to rate and review! No ratings or reviews yet.

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Lemon-Glazed Roast Pork with Sage

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Lemon-Glazed Roast Pork with Sage

##  All Reviews for Lemon-Glazed Roast Pork with Sage

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Lemon-Glazed Roast Pork with Sage

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

