https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/fennel-lemon-pork/7a9d2ce1-0308-4426-8861-ce71eebbe9bf


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Fennel and lemon pork

  * _20m_ prep
  * _1h_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

10

Save Recipe

147 people saved this

This Fennel and lemon pork recipe is delicious, versatile and easy on the
purse!

K

Kirrily La Rosa

502 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain sulphites.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 11 Ingredients 
  * 3 Method Steps 

#### 11 Ingredients

  * 2 tsp ground fennel seeds 

  * 1 tsp finely grated lemon rind 

  * 2 tbsp lemon juice 

  * 1 garlic clove, crushed 

  * 2 1/2 tbsp olive oil 

  * 4 (700g) pork loin chops 

  * 500g chat potatoes, quartered 

  * 1 large red onion, cut into wedges 

  * 6 medium roma tomatoes, quartered 

  * 1 tbsp red wine vinegar 

  * 1 tbsp finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 3 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Combine fennel  (2 tsp ground fennel
seeds), lemon rind  (1 tsp finely grated lemon rind), lemon juice  (2 tbsp
lemon juice), garlic  (1 garlic clove, crushed) and half the oil  (2 1/2 tbsp
olive oil) in a shallow ceramic dish. Add pork  (4 (700g) pork loin chops).
Turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate.

  * Step 2

Place potato  (500g chat potatoes, quartered), onion  (1 large red onion, cut
into wedges), tomato  (6 medium roma tomatoes, quartered), vinegar  (1 tbsp
red wine vinegar) and 1 tablespoon of remaining oil in a roasting dish. Roast
for 50 minutes or until vegetables are browned and tender. Sprinkle with
parsley  (1 tbsp finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves). Cover to keep
warm.

  * Step 3

Heat remaining oil in a large, deep frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook
pork for 3 to 5 minutes each side or until cooked through. Serve with
vegetables.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

0 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

147 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Amanda Mclauchlan

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  2. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  3. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  4. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  5. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  6. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  7. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  8. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

