https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/176235/hunan-style-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Chinese
  6. Hunan-Style Chicken

# Hunan-Style Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.5

30 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 18 
  * 4 star values: 9 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 30 Ratings 
  * 26 Reviews 
  * 6 Photos 

I hope my dad doesn't read this as I grew up with him cooking some amazing
dishes, but this recipe my friend gave me at university fast became by far my
favorite and it's easy too!

Recipe by Dan

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Hunan-Style Chicken

Add Photo

Hunan-Style Chicken Barbara

Hunan-Style Chicken Nate Mackinnon

Hunan-Style Chicken Tyler Doak

Hunan-Style Chicken Kirk Hepburn

\+ 2 2 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

30 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 tablespoon honey 
  * 1 teaspoon black peppercorns 
  * ½ teaspoon salt 
  * 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons dry sherry 
  * 6 boneless skinless chicken thighs, cut into chunks 
  * 3 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root 
  * 1 tablespoon minced garlic 
  * 1 tablespoon crumbled dried red chile pepper 
  * 4 green onions, chopped 
  * 1 teaspoon hot bean sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons rice vinegar 
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Stir together the honey, peppercorns, salt, soy sauce, and sherry in a large
bowl; add the chicken and toss to coat.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.

  * Step 3

Add the ginger, garlic, red chile pepper, and green onions; cook and stir
until fragrant, no more than 30 seconds. Stir in the chicken and soy sauce
mixture; fry another 3 minutes. Reduce heat to low, cover. Simmer until the
chicken is no longer pink in the center, 5 to 10 minutes.

  * Step 4

Whisk together the bean sauce, vinegar, and sesame oil in a small bowl; pour
over the chicken and stir. Turn heat to high and allow to cook 1 minute. Serve
immediately.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

391 calories; protein 33.4g; carbohydrates 10.3g; fat 23.4g; cholesterol
116.8mg; sodium 908.2mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (26)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

LINDA MCLEAN

Rating: 4 stars

06/06/2012

We thought this was really yum Dan! I used lite soy sauce and because I didn't
have black vinegar, I used rice vinegar instead. This is a keeper and thank
you so much!

Read More

Helpful (44)

### Most helpful critical review

rsieg

Rating: 3 stars

10/12/2014

Mine was really tasty but did not look like the picture. I was expecting a
different taste. Family did enjoy it.

Read More

Helpful (2)

30 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 18 
  * 4 star values: 9 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

LINDA MCLEAN

Rating: 4 stars

06/06/2012

We thought this was really yum Dan! I used lite soy sauce and because I didn't
have black vinegar, I used rice vinegar instead. This is a keeper and thank
you so much!

merlion

Rating: 5 stars

09/19/2012

This is one of the yummiest Chinese dish I have had from here!! Thank you so
much for a great tasting recipe. I doubled the recipe and used Szechuan
peppercorns instead because we enjoy them more than regular peppercorns in
Chinese food. This is definitely a keeper!

Baking Nana

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

01/31/2013

This came together really fast which is nice. We like spicy and I thought this
would be spicer than it was. I served this Jasmine rice and some stir fried
veggies.

Dan

Rating: 5 stars

04/10/2013

RE: Chrismith This recipe was edited before they put it on the site. They
missed out preparing the the peppercorns. Try toasting them in a dry pan for a
minute or so. They'll start to pop around in the pan. Then grind them in a
pestle and mortar. It really brings out the flavour of the peppercorns.

BOOKMARKER

Rating: 4 stars

06/29/2014

'Omitted the peppercorns & the hot bean sauce. This reminded me of good mall
food. I do mean that as a compliment. It's good, but it tastes easy - which it
is. I used 1/2t crushed red pepper & it was mild heat, maybe too much for
those that are sensitive. 'Glad I tried.

user

Rating: 4 stars

02/15/2013

loved this receipe, one rater said they had no black vinegar, it doesn't call
for this, it calls for rice vinegar, in case this helps the other rater, thanx
dan will make this again

rsieg

Rating: 3 stars

10/12/2014

Mine was really tasty but did not look like the picture. I was expecting a
different taste. Family did enjoy it.

chrismith

Rating: 5 stars

04/09/2013

This is delicious. I would recommend leaving out the peppercorns though as
they are too strong when you bite down on them. When making it a second time I
replaced it with about a third of a teaspoon ground black pepper. I also left
out the salt as soy sauce is salty enough. This was quick and easy, I will
definitely make again!

Misty312

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2015

This is excellent, spicy but with a heat that doesn't linger. Do toast the
peppercorns and grind them, it makes a world of difference. Quadrupled the
recipe, stir fried some fresh green beans in sesame oil and served over
jasmine rice to 4 teenage boys. Had no leftovers and requests from other moms
for the recipe!

Kate Nash

Rating: 5 stars

02/15/2013

We loved it!

Bonnie C

Rating: 5 stars

07/11/2015

Delicious! Fed two teenage boys, my husband and myself. Very easy and very
good! Be sure to cook chicken until all liquid evaporates to get the
caramelization and colour. Didn't have the bean sauce and omitted the 1/2 tsp
of salt as I figured the soy sauce etc. was salty enough. Sprinkled toasted
black sesame seeds and extra chopped green onion for finishing the dish and
served it with some brown rice and sauteed broccoli. I also added an order of
soup from a local Asian restaurant.

Anthea Jack Sedra

Rating: 4 stars

07/04/2018

I use bone in chicken. I don't like boneless chicken. It very easy. ( had to
cook it longer but it all worth it.)

Tyler Doak

Rating: 4 stars

04/23/2017

Really easy and tasty recipe. I used Brandy instead of dry Sherry but I think
a Sherry would be better. I also added cayenne and hoisin because I didn't
have hot bean sauce. At the end I added cashews and they complimented it
really well--takes it to the next level TBH! Served over white rice. I could
see making even more sauce next time. I was worried about the pepper corns but
they're actually really fun in this dish. Don't be afraid!

PAHerring

Rating: 5 stars

07/04/2016

This chicken recipe is restaurant quality and a regular staple in my home.
Very tasty.

SHARON B.

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2018

Loved it! Very easy to make. I used Dan's suggestion to prepare the
peppercorns first by heating them in a skillet and then crushing them. It
sounded like the dish would be too spicy with the full tablespoon of crushed
red peppers so I used just 3/4 teaspoon. Everybody liked it but I did get
comments that it was spicy so I'm glad I didn't use the full amount. It made a
great dinner with brown rice and steamed vegetables and I know I will
definitely make this again!

mipupppetmaster

Rating: 5 stars

05/20/2013

I baked some chicken thighs yesterday, coated in egg/flour poultry seasoning.
I decided to cut them up, and do his recipe. It was delicious! I will
definitely do tis a lot. Really great! I was afraid it might be TOO spicy, but
it was wonderful. Kudos!

Roberta McQuiston Brady

Rating: 5 stars

08/29/2017

This was very good-plus quick and easy. I used 1 t. fish oil instead of hot
bean paste because my husband doesn't like hot...other than that followed
recipe. I would cut the oil down at least a teaspoon next time.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/06/2022

Good

Wordless29

Rating: 3 stars

05/11/2014

I took a taste before adding the bean sauce mix. I preferred it much better
than the finished chicken. Ill try it again with some variation on cooking
technique.

ezbake

Rating: 5 stars

02/08/2016

Delicious! Didn't have the bean sauce so I omitted that, but it was still top
notch YUM! Served it with stir-fried cabbage & brown rice. So good. Thanks for
posting

Milyhoou

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2016

Loved this recipe. I've made it with both chicken breasts and thighs, and I
prefer the flavor with breasts.

Barbara

Rating: 5 stars

02/23/2019

I made it and it was delicious!! However, the recipe did not did not leave any
extra sauce. I used the ingredients from the marinade and added a little corn
starch. It thickened the sauce and gave me enough to spoon over the rice. My
husband thought it was awesome!

Alex Salcedo

Rating: 5 stars

09/07/2017

Holy this was good. I didn't have Chinese red peppers so I used the regular
western ones from mccormick and this was good. I put less flakes for those in
my house who don't like spice so much, but then I added a ton of chili oil to
my plate because I do love spice. I put half the vinegar since I put less
flakes, I used mirin instead of sherry, and I used black garlic bean sauce
since I was out of the spicy bean sauce. I'll be doing this again with the
spicy one instead and this is definitely a style I'm going to be using over
and over.

CrazyWolf

Rating: 4 stars

11/02/2015

Very tasty. Next time I make this I will half the peppercorns and add 1/4
teaspoon of Cardamom seeds. Also garnish with Cilantro.

M. Candi Reeves

Rating: 4 stars

03/02/2015

Made this tonight & didn't have all ingredients. Normally I like to go with
exactly as written 1st time but needed to use up boneless, skinless chicken
thighs & this family is discount & dollar store style. Didn't have
peppercorns, used table pepper, omitted salt, sherry, rice vinegar & sesame
oil, subbed apple cider vinegar & yellow onion, added 2 TBS Brown Sugar, extra
honey, red pepper flakes & a bit of pineapple juice & pineapple, Asian chili
sauce & teriyaki. I think this would be 5 stars with ingredients as listed coz
I definitely would've given 4.5 stars. Fairly easy to make, for my 1st time I
got all ingredients together ahead of time for ease of cooking. I had to make
2 batches coz I had 12 thighs. Served with leftover mashed potato cakes from
this site using bacon & onion & cheese in the mix & when done, added a dollop
of sour cream. Put everything on baking sheet & stuck in 350 oven while I
thickened sauce left in pan with flour/water mix & used that as sauce over all
meat. An Asian chef friend of mine told me the key to a good sticky sauce is
adding a bit of honey over the meat before adding the sauce & I feel the added
time in oven solidified the stickiness/goodness. DELICIOUS. Thank you for the
recipe & I find that it can be modified easily using on hand ingredients. The
best thing besides flavor/taste, there were no leftovers & I'd used leftover
food from 2 days ago to make the whole meal. Cost & time effective!

yumymumy

Rating: 5 stars

10/26/2014

The kids actually liked it!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Hunan-Style Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Hunan-Style Chicken

##  All Reviews for Hunan-Style Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Hunan-Style Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 391.2  

% Daily Value *

protein:  33.4g  67 %

carbohydrates:  10.3g  3 %

dietary fiber:  0.8g  3 %

sugars:  4.9g

fat:  23.4g  36 %

saturated fat:  5g  25 %

cholesterol:  116.8mg  39 %

vitamin a iu:  386.3IU  8 %

niacin equivalents:  15mg  116 %

vitamin b6:  0.5mg  31 %

vitamin c:  3.9mg  7 %

folate:  22mcg  6 %

calcium:  34.6mg  4 %

iron:  2.3mg  13 %

magnesium:  39mg  14 %

potassium:  394.9mg  11 %

sodium:  908.2mg  36 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  12 %

calories from fat:  210.4

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Hunan-Style Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 26

Hunan-Style Chicken

1 of 6 Hunan-Style Chicken

Barbara

Hunan-Style Chicken

2 of 6 Hunan-Style Chicken

Nate Mackinnon

Hunan-Style Chicken

3 of 6 Hunan-Style Chicken

Tyler Doak

Hunan-Style Chicken

4 of 6 Hunan-Style Chicken

Kirk Hepburn

Hunan-Style Chicken

5 of 6 Hunan-Style Chicken

Baking Nana

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Hunan-Style Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Hunan-Style Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

