https://thebigmansworld.com/hunan-chicken/


  * About Me
  * Contact Me

  * pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Email
  * Twitter

Search for:

  * All recipes
  * Breakfast
  * Snacks
  * Main Dishes
  * Dessert
  * Keto

  *     * pinterest
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Email
    * Twitter

  * Search for:

  *   * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * All Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfast Recipes
    * Appetizers and Sides
    * Drinks and Cocktail Recipes
    * Main Dishes
    * Snacks
    * Healthy Dessert Recipes
    * recipe
  * Healthy Breakfast Recipes
  * Main Dishes
  * Snacks
  * Healthy Dessert Recipes
  * Appetizers and Sides
  * Keto Recipes
  * Vegan Recipes

Home » Main Dishes » Chicken » Hunan Chicken

# Hunan Chicken

Arman

September 21, 2021September 21, 2021

2

5 from 37 votes

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _This recipe for Hunan chicken is made with tender chicken stir fried with
fresh vegetables covered in a spicy authentic Hunan sauce! Ready in under 20
minutes, it 's low in carbs but full of flavor!_

## Hunan Chicken

Coming from a half-Chinese household, we grew up eating various stir fries
that have become more and more popular in Western countries. My dad introduced
us to several staples, like **beef and broccoli** and **Kung Pao
cauliflower**. Our family favorite was easily the Hunan style chicken.

## What is Hunan chicken?

Hunan chicken is a chicken stir fry that originates from the Hunan region of
China (as the name suggests). Compared to other Chinese stir-fries, this
particular kind has a spicier kick to it, often in the form of chili paste.

Now, depending on where in the world you live, Hunan chicken may be prepared
differently. It is a popular dish in American Chinese restaurants, which can
sometimes use different ingredients and be milder on the spice. However, it's
still just as delicious, and you can always jazz it up to be as spicy as you
want it to be!

This Hunan chicken recipe is also a little bit different. I've given it a keto
makeover, replacing the sugar-laden sauces and thickeners with keto-friendly
ones. Don't fret though- this version is just as delicious, if not better, so
you won't miss the carbs!

Tender chicken and crisp vegetables are covered in a delicious spicy sauce
that will leave you reaching for a second helping. **The secret to the perfect
Hunan chicken is to use a good quality chili paste** - We used sambal oelek,
and it takes this dish to another level!

## Ingredients to make this recipe

### For the chicken

  * **Skinless chicken thigh** - Chicken thigh is best to use for any chicken stir fry, as it remains moist and juicy and holds the sauce so much better than other cuts. You can use chicken breast if that is all you have on hand. 
  * **Almond flour** - **Blanched almond flour** is used to lightly coat the chicken before frying. This helps keep it tender and golden on the outside. 
  * **Oil** - Any neutral flavored oil with a high smoke point. I recommend safflower oil or sunflower oil. 

### For the stir fry

  * **Sesame oil** - A must for any good Asian-inspired stir fry! A little goes a very long way, so don't be too heavy handed with this. 
  * **Ginger and garlic** - A must for any good stir fry!
  * **Broccoli-** Chopped into bite-sized florets. 
  * **Bell peppers** - Any color works, but we love using red bell peppers to give the stir fry extra color! 
  * **Zucchini** - Chopped into bite sized pieces. 

### For the Hunan sauce

  * **Chicken broth** - Also known as chicken stock. This gives the sauce a richer flavor profile. You can also use vegetable broth if you don't have any on hand. 
  * **Soy sauce** - Use Tamari or gluten free soy sauce if needed.
  * **Fish sauce** - Adds some umami flavor and an extra kick of flavor. 
  * **White vinegar** - Balances out the salty and sweet ingredients. 
  * **Brown sugar substitute** - Balances out the soy and fish sauce. Skip the store bought kind and **make your own**. 
  * **Chili paste** - The key ingredient that distinguishes this chicken stir fry from other stir fries! I like using Sambal Oelek, but any spicy chili sauce can be used! 
  * **Xanthan gum** - Thickens the sauce and is a fabulous keto substitute for cornstarch. 

## How do you make Hunan style chicken?

1\. Lightly dust your chicken in almond flour.

2\. Brown your chicken in a pan until no longer pink. Transfer to a plate or
dish.

3\. Add the sesame oil and once hot, add the ginger and garlic. Add the
remaining vegetables and stir fry until tender.

4\. Add the chicken back into the pan.

5\. Whisk together the Hunan sauce and pour over the chicken and vegetables.
Cook for a further 5-10 minutes, until the sauce has thickened.

## What is the difference between Hunan chicken and Szechuan chicken

Both chicken dishes originate from China from the Hunan province and Sichuan
provinces, respectively. However, outside of their origin, they have some key
differences.

While Hunan chicken has slightly spicier properties, Szechuan chicken relies
on Szechuan peppers to give it its flavor kick. Szechuan chicken also tends to
use more citrus flavors in it, like orange or lemon juices, which balances out
the spicy kick from the peppercorns. Furthermore, the Szechuan chicken dish
often contains nuts, like cashews and peanuts.

## What does Hunan sauce taste like?

Hunan sauce has sweet and spicy flavors, heavier on the spicier side. The
xanthan gum thickens the sauce which holds onto the chicken and vegetables
beautifully, giving you a flavor sensation with every bite.

## Tips to make the best Hunan chicken

  * Feel free to adjust the spice level depending on your taste buds. If you'd prefer a spicer Hunan sauce, double the amount of chili paste.
  * If you'd like a leaner cut of chicken, you can use finely sliced chicken breast. 
  * For a balanced low carb dinner, serve this chicken dish over some **cauliflower fried rice**. If you don't follow any specific diet, you can serve this with steamed Jasmine rice. 
  * Switch up the vegetables used with other keto friendly ones, like Chinese broccoli, bok choy, or even eggplant. 

## Storing, freezing, and reheating tips

  * **To store** : Leftovers can be stored in the refrigerator, covered, for up to 5 days. 
  * **To freeze** : Place the Hunan chicken in a shallow container and store it in the freezer for up to 6 months. 
  * **Reheating** : Either microwave for 1-2 minutes or pan fry until warm and sizzling. 

## More keto chicken recipes to try

  * **Stir fry**
  * **Chicken parmesan**
  * **Fried chicken  **
  * **Pad thai** 

## Hunan Chicken (Low carb!)

This recipe for Hunan chicken is full of seasoned chicken, fresh vegetables,
all covered in a sweet and spicy sauce! Ready in 10 minutes and keto friendly!

5 from 37 votes

Print Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: American, Chinese

Prep Time: 2 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 12 minutes

Servings: 4 servings

Calories: 358kcal

Author: Arman

### Ingredients

#### For the chicken

  * 1 lb chicken thigh skinless, chopped into bite sized pieces
  * 1 tablespoon almond flour
  * 1 tablespoon oil

#### For the stir fry

  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * 2 cloves garlic minced
  * 1 tablespoon ginger minced
  * 3 cups broccoli chopped
  * 1 large bell pepper chopped
  * 1 medium zucchini chopped

#### For the Hunan sauce

  * 1/2 cup chicken broth
  * 3 tablespoon soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce
  * 1 tablespoon white vinegar
  * 2 tablespoon brown sugar substitute
  * 2 tablespoon chili paste I used sambal oelek
  * 1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum

### Instructions

  * Make the Hunan sauce by whisking together all the ingredients and setting aside. 

  * In a bowl, add the chopped chicken and almond flour and lightly mix together. 

  * Add the oil in a non-stick pan or wok and place over medium heat. Stir fry the chicken until mostly cooked. Remove the chicken from the pan.

  * Add the sesame oil and when hot, add the minced garlic and ginger and stir fry for several minutes. Add the remaining vegetables and cook until mostly tender. Add the chicken back to the pan, before adding the Hunan sauce. Let it bubble and thicken for several minutes, before removing it from the heat. 

  * Serve over cauliflower rice or one your favorite low carb side of choice. 

### Notes

 **TO STORE** : Leftovers can be stored in the refrigerator, covered, for up
to 5 days.

**TO FREEZE** : Place the Hunan chicken in a shallow container and store it in
the freezer for up to 6 months.

**TO REHEAT** : Either microwave for 1-2 minutes or pan fry until warm and
sizzling.

### Nutrition

Serving: 1serving | Calories: 358kcal | Carbohydrates: 8g | Protein: 26g |
Fat: 22g | Sodium: 1319mg | Potassium: 527mg | Fiber: 4g | Vitamin A: 1471IU |
Vitamin C: 64mg | Calcium: 33mg | Iron: 2mg | NET CARBS: 4g

Tried this recipe?Give us a shout at @thebigmansworld or tag #thebigmansworld!

  * Pin
  * Share

Share This Post To Friends Close

Send Email

This post may contain affiliate links.

### Categories:

Chicken Gluten Free Recipes Keto Recipes Main Dishes recipe

##  SUBSCRIBE NOW

Never miss a recipe!

## Comments

##  2 thoughts on "Hunan Chicken"

  1. **Cheryl C.** says:

September 22, 2021 at 7:30 am

  
The frying of the chicken took some time but once that is done, the rest is a
breeze! It's do crazy yummy. It turned out a mountain of s plate and I thought
they'd leftovers but we licked the plate clean!

Reply

  2. **Josephine** says:

March 8, 2022 at 10:35 pm

  
Will def make this

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of
Service apply.

Name *

Email *

Website

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Δ

## G’day, I’m Arman!

Thanks for stopping by The Big Man’s World ®. My name is Arman Liew, and I’m
stoked to have you here! Here you’ll find delicious HEALTHY recipes,
inspirational travel, and lifestyle, all served with a side of cheeky banter.

ABOUT ARMAN

  * pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Email
  * Twitter

Search for:

## MAKE THESE NOW!

###  Keto Bagels

###  Keto Pizza

###  Keto Cheesecake

###  Keto Cereal

###  Keto Bread

###  Keto Tortillas

###  Keto Pancakes

###  Keto Pasta

###  All Recipes

###  EASY DINNER RECIPES

###  KETO DESSERT RECIPES

###  KETO APPETIZER RECIPES

###  AIR FRYER RECIPES

##  SUBSCRIBE NOW

Never miss a recipe!

##  as seen on...

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

BACK TO TOP

  * pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Email
  * Twitter

  * pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Email
  * Twitter

COPYRIGHT (C) 2022 THE BIG MAN’S WORLD ® -- PRIVACY POLICY

