https://sweetandsavorymeals.com/hunan-chicken-recipe/


Subscribe for daily recipes Sign up now

Search for

PIN  SAVE

Search for

  * Recipes
    * Main Dishes
    * Popular Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Slow Cooker
    * Casseroles
    * Soups and Stews
    * Keto
    * Lunch Box
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Breakfast
    * Sauces Dressings Marinades
    * Cheesecake Factory Copycats
    * All Recipes
  * Holidays
    * Halloween
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas recipes
    * Valentine's Day
    * St. Patrick's Day
    * Easter
    * Patriotic
  * Video
  * Kitchen Tips
  * Shop
  * Member Log In

  * Recipes
    * Main Dishes
    * Popular Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Slow Cooker
    * Casseroles
    * Soups and Stews
    * Keto
    * Lunch Box
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Breakfast
    * Sauces Dressings Marinades
    * Cheesecake Factory Copycats
    * All Recipes
  * Holidays
    * Halloween
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas recipes
    * Valentine's Day
    * St. Patrick's Day
    * Easter
    * Patriotic
  * Video
  * Kitchen Tips
  * Shop
  * Member Log In

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

Search for

Search for

Sweet & Savory MealsRecipesMain DishesHunan Chicken Recipe

Jump to Recipe Main Dishes

#  Hunan Chicken Recipe

By **Catalina Castravet**

**Updated** : Apr 20, 2022

**Published** : Mar 31, 2021

4.92 from 12 reviews

Asian food recipes Chicken Main Dishes Recipes

**Cook time** : 20 minutes

Last updated on April 20th, 2022 at 07:49 pm

 _ **Hunan Chicken** is a tasty stir-fry of chicken and vegetables in an
authentic spicy Chinese Hunan Sauce made with Sambal Oelek chili paste. The
recipe is easy to_ _  make and ready in about 30 minutes. It is filled with
vegetables that make this savory dish nutritious, flavorful, and very
colorful!_

This classic Chinese food is served with steamed rice, noodles, or some egg
rolls, for an Asian feast. Made with lean protein and lots of fresh
vegetables, the dish is coated in the most amazing sweet and spicy sauce.
Actually, this recipe is perfect for meal planning, as it freezes well. Check
out our favorite Asian dishes, including this Szechuan Chicken and General
Tso's Chicken. Go ahead and choose something, because we have plenty to please
everyone!

This is a classic Chinese stir-fry that will please everyone. We love making
it with chicken breast, as the meat comes out juicy and tender. The meat is
cooked together with vegetables in a deliciously spicy and savory sauce. If
you love spicy flavored food, this is a recipe you have to try.

Once you make it at home, you will see that it tastes better than the version
you can get at a Chinese restaurant. Another great thing about this main dish
is that you don't have to marinate the chicken. For the stir-fried vegetables,
we like to use juicy red bell peppers, carrots, and zucchini. Also, garlic and
ginger add a flavor boost to the entire meal.

This is a quick, easy, and spicy stir-fry dish that is also quite healthy
since it uses white meat. We love making it at home quite often because it is
the perfect and quick weekday dinner. It is easy to make with a few budget-
friendly ingredients and ready in less than 30 minutes.

Also, because we use a tried and true method called velveting to cook the
meat, it helps it stay tender and juicy on the inside and very crispy on the
outside. We have kept the recipe on the healthier side and haven't battered
and deep-fried the meat.

### What is Hunan chicken?

It is stir-fried chicken breast with lots of vegetables that originated from
the Chinese province of Hunan. This dish incorporates the Hunan sauce which
makes it, well, distinctively Asian. It is made with chili and lots of veggies
and has a distinctive sweet and spicy taste.

It is one of those Hunan cuisine chicken stir fry dishes that quickly became
popular in American-Chinese restaurants, and is now enjoyed pretty much
everywhere in the States. However, unlike the original Chinese version, this
recipe was modified a bit to be of a sweeter and savory taste, and less spicy,
but equally delicious.

Aside from the battered chicken seasoned with salt and pepper, it has a spicy
and flavorful sauce. Actually, it is this sauce that ties together the whole
dish. There is a number of variations of it but one thing that makes it Hunan
is the use of chili, specifically the Sambal Oelek chili paste.

### Chinese Hunan Chicken Ingredients:

_For the stir-fry you need:_

  * **Chicken breast:** Feel free to use any parts of the bird, thigh meat is actually much more tender, so feel free to substitute.
  * **Vegetables:** A mix of bell peppers, carrots, and zucchini. Also, add broccoli and sugar snap peas if you like.
  * **Cornstarch:** For velveting the meat.
  * **Salt and Pepper:** To season the poultry.
  * **Oil:** For cooking the veggies and the meat. Always choose vegetable oil or canola oil, which will not overpower the dish. Another option is peanut oil.

_For the Hunan Sauce ingredients:_

  * **White sugar**
  * **Rice cooking wine** or rice vinegar
  * **Cornstarch** - used to thicken the sauce.
  * **Garlic**
  * **Ginger**
  * **Sambal Oelek red chili paste**
  * **Oyster sauce**
  * **Soy sauce - **go with a low sodium version. This way, you can control the salt level. 
  * **Chicken broth** - use veggie broth if you are making a vegetarian version of this recipe.
  * **Red pepper flakes**

## How to make Hunan Chicken from Scratch?

  1. **Velveting:** First, start by adding the chicken pieces to a large bowl and toss with the cornstarch, salt, and pepper.
  2. **Cook the chicken:** After that, place a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat and add some oil. Next, add the chicken without overcrowding the pan and cook until nicely browned. Afterward, remove the chicken from the pan and set it aside.
  3. **Cook the veggies:** Next, add a bit more oil to the pan and cook the veggies until tender but still crisp.
  4. **Make the sauce:**  Subsequently, to make the sauce, combine minced garlic, ginger, soy sauce, oyster sauce, sugar, salt, cornstarch, and chili paste. Then, add in some rice wine and broth. Finally, stir the mixture until the cornstarch is dissolved.
  5. **Combine:** Next, add the meat back to the pan and also add the sauce and stir for 1-2 minutes until the mixture thickens and the meat is heated through.
  6. **Serve:** Finally, serve with rice and garnish with chopped green onions and toasted sesame seeds.
  7. **Store:** If you have leftovers, add them to a sealed container and store them in the fridge for 3-4 days.
  8. **Freeze:** This recipe actually freezes very well. First, let the dish fully cool, and after that add it to a freezer-safe container or freezer-safe Ziploc bags. After that, freeze for up to 3 months.
  9. **Defrost:** When ready to serve, plan ahead, and let the frozen meal thaw in the fridge overnight or defrost in the microwave. After that, add it to a skillet over medium-high heat and stir-fry for a few minutes. Make sure to taste and adjust for seasonings.

### Recipe Variations:

  * **Veggies:** In this stir fry you can use any veggies that you have on your hands. We recommend carrots, baby corn, red peppers, zucchini, bell peppers, mushrooms, yellow squash, broccoli, cauliflower, green beans, snap peas, Chinese corn.
  * **Spiciness:** Want to have an even more spicy flavor? Then, add Sichuan peppercorn, more or less chili paste.
  * **Sweetness:** Increase the sweetness to go hand in hand with the spiciness by adding more sugar. Also, keep in mind that you can either use white sugar, brown sugar, honey, maple syrup, or agave.
  * **Low-Carb:** For a low-carb version use a sugar substitute and choose veggies that are lower in carbohydrates. Also, serve the dish with Low-Carb Mashed Cauliflower.
  * **Gluten-Free:** Keep in mind that soy sauce contains gluten, so make sure to use amino acids instead.
  * **Protein:** Replace the poultry with either pork, beef, or shrimp.
  * **Vegetarian:** Make this meal vegetarian by using firm tofu instead of meat.
  * **Sesame Oil:** Add a tablespoon of sesame oil into the sauce for extra flavor.
  * **Spicy:** For a different take, try it with this spicy Szechuan sauce.

### How to serve it?

  * Serve it with dirty rice, brown rice, cauliflower rice, or coconut rice.
  * Have it with Hot and Sour Soup or Asian Noodle Soup.
  * Drizzle some Homemade Yum Yum Sauce on top.
  * Add it on top of some Egg Fried Rice.
  * Also, add some Chinese Mixed Veggies on the side.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### What is the difference between Hunan and Szechuan Chicken?

While both dishes have the same origin and have chicken as their main
ingredient, there are some minor differences between the two.

Hunan version is generally healthier Chinese chicken stir-fry and its origin
comes from Hunan province of Chicken. Here, the meat is coated just in the
cornstarch. Also, it is supposed to be spicier.

While the Szechuan Chicken is generally battered prior to being added to the
pan and is sweeter and less spicy. Try our Szechuan Chicken recipe and see for
yourself.

### What veggies should I use?

The vegetables that are most commonly used in this recipe are garlic, ginger,
green onions, and chili peppers. These four vegetables add spice and zest and
enhance the flavor of the chili bean paste.

However, you can easily modify it with your favorite veggies. Some nice
addition would be carrots, broccoli, zucchini, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, and
corn. These vegetables are rich in vitamins, high in fiber, and low in
calories. Also, they add a nice color and texture to this dish.

### What does Hunan sauce taste like?

This dish has a sophisticated taste and texture because of the variety of
ingredients used. The chicken itself is battered in cornstarch and fried,
making it crispy on the outside but tender on the inside. It has a rich Asian
flavor because of the sauce. The chili paste adds that Chinese flair to this
recipe alongside the oyster sauce.

It is on a spicier side, but you can tone it down by limiting the amount of
chili paste that goes into it. In addition, the sugar, fermented rice wine,
and soy sauce balance nicely out all the spiciness. It has the right amount of
sweetness to it, with some hint of sourness all rolled into one savory hot
meal.

### What does velveting do to meat?

First, velveting is a technique in Chinese cuisine that preserves the moisture
and tenderness of the meat while cooking, therefore resulting in "velvety"
meat. The technique is applied to raw meat, by creating a protective coat
before browning it.

To be more specific, the meat is coated in a mixture of oil, egg white,
cornstarch, and sometimes rice wine, and then blanching and drying follow.
This way, the moisture is retained and the protective coat adds crispiness and
texture.

Sometimes, the velveting is kept simpler, by tossing the raw meat in some
cornstarch before browning it.

### More Asian recipes to try:

  * #### Kung Pao Chicken Recipe [Video]

  * #### Sweet and Sour Chicken

  * #### Instant Pot Orange Chicken Recipe - 30 Minutes [Video]

  * #### Instant Pot Mongolian Chicken [VIDEO]

### Recipe Tips and Notes

  * You can make the sauce in one batch and freeze it in small containers. When the time comes, simply defrost it and cook it with chicken.
  * Though chicken breast would be the most ideal part as it is healthful, you can also use other parts.
  * Also, other types of meat can be used such as pork, beef, and fish! That proves how versatile this recipe is.
  * If making this recipe with beef, cut it against the grain. If you find it difficult to cut, a simple trick is to freeze the meat first and then cut it.
  * You can use any type of vegetable that you desire in this recipe. Simply use and add whatever veggies you want. 
  * I love serving it over white rice or brown rice. 

## One Pan Hunan Chicken Recipe

Hunan Chicken is a tasty stir-fry of chicken and vegetables in an authentic
spicy Chinese Hunan Sauce made with Sambal Oelek chili paste. The recipe is
easy to make and ready in about 30 minutes.

4.92 from 12 votes

Save  Share  Print  Pin Rate

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 4 servings

Calories: 276kcal

Author: Catalina Castravet

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 2 large boneless chicken breasts (cut into strips)
  * ▢ 1/4 cup cornstarch
  * ▢ salt and pepper
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons vegetable oil (canola or peanut oil)
  * ▢ 1 red bell pepper (sliced)
  * ▢ 1 zucchini (cut into rounds)
  * ▢ 1 cup carrots (sliced into rounds)

#### FOR THE SAUCE:

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon granulated sugar
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon of rice wine
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon cornstarch
  * ▢ 4 cloves garlic (minced)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon fresh ginger (minced)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons chili paste (such as Sambal Oelek)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons oyster sauce
  * ▢ 1/4 cup soy sauce
  * ▢ 1/2 cup low sodium chicken broth
  * ▢ 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon sesame oil (optional, but great if you have any on hand)

#### GARNISH:

  * ▢ Green Onions
  * ▢ Sesame seeds

US CustomaryMetric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

#### Cook the meat:

  * ▢

In a bowl add ¼ cup cornstarch and season with a little salt and pepper. Stir
to combine with a fork. Add chicken pieces and toss to coat well.

  * ▢

In a large pan over medium-high heat, add vegetable oil. Drop chicken pieces
and cook until both sides are golden brown. Cook chicken in one layer, do not
overcrowd. If needed cook in batches. Remove chicken from the pan and set
aside.

#### Make the Hunan Sauce:

  * ▢

In the meantime, add all the ingredients for the sauce into a bowl and whisk
until well combined.

#### Cook the Vegetables:

  * ▢

Add a bit more vegetable oil to the pan and add vegetables. Cook for 7-8
minutes, stirring from time to time.

#### Add the meat and sauce:

  * ▢

Return the chicken to the pan and also add the sauce. Stir and coat everything
into the sauce and cook for 1-2 more minutes, until the sauce thickens.

#### Serve:

  * ▢

Transfer to a plate or bowl and serve Hunan chicken with a side of white rice
or noodles.

  * ▢

Garnish with green onions and sesame seeds before serving.

### Nutrition

Calories: 276kcal | Carbohydrates: 16g | Protein: 27g | Fat: 11g | Saturated
Fat: 6g | Cholesterol: 72mg | Sodium: 1227mg | Potassium: 796mg | Fiber: 2g |
Sugar: 8g | Vitamin A: 6460IU | Vitamin C: 51.3mg | Calcium: 30mg | Iron:
1.3mg

Made This Recipe?

Show me what you made on Instagram or Facebook and tag me at
@sweetnsavorymeals or hashtag it at #sweetnsavorymeals.

Follow us on Pinterest for more delicious recipes!

Share This Recipe

Like this recipe? Share it with your friends and family!

Save Pin Share Email

#### More recipes you might love

Vegetarian

## Southwest Ranch Pasta Salad Recipe

total 1 hr 30 mins  

Pork

## Cherry Pork Chops Recipe

total 30 mins  

Vegetarian

## Mexican Street Corn Pasta Salad Recipe [Video]

total 30 mins  

Main Dishes

## Grilled Whole Chicken Recipe

total 3 hrs 15 mins  

Get free recipes to your inbox!

Subscribe

#### Comments

Leave a reply

LOAD PREVIOUS COMMENTS

Christopher

January 18, 2020 7:47 pm

I totally agree...I made it....why the hell am i gonna rate a picture of a
recipe? Too much time on people's hands perhaps. Oh wait!! Fill that time with
actually cooking, chopping etc.

Reply

Christopher Lupold

January 18, 2020 7:51 pm

Did my other review go thru? Forgot to do the stars. Only 4 cuz it was way
spicy hot. I doubled the recipe but maybe the chili paste could be
lessened....great still...i love hot. Nobody else did though.

Reply

Alice Carroll

April 13, 2020 10:58 pm

Ever since I was a kid, I always didn't like eating the breast part of the
chicken because it's not as tasty as the other parts. I do like how Chinese
food tends to be savory with its sauces so it makes chicken breast quite
flavorful. I hope I can find spicy chicken like that in a takeout place near
me.

Reply

Uyanga

June 20, 2020 5:13 am

It's so simple to make and turns out delicious. It deserves 5 start. No doubt.
Thanks

Reply

Mark

July 31, 2021 5:34 pm

Made it tonight! And oh my...so delicious! Definitely added to my recipes.

Reply

Catalina Castravet

August 1, 2021 am31 5:25 am

Thank you!

Reply

Shanee Chapman

September 4, 2021 11:23 am

I followed the recipe except I didn't have rice wine so I just subbed in some
white wine. This is may be my new favorite recipe! The chicken turned out so
tender and the flavor from the sauce was perfect! It's definitely on the
spicier side but that was perfect for my husband and I. Thank you for this
delicious and easy recipe

Reply

Catalina Castravet

September 5, 2021 pm30 3:05 pm

thank you for your feedback!

Reply

Miranda

November 15, 2021 2:22 pm

I made this tonight and loved it. And for people who think it's too hot,
always start with a little chili (paste or sauce), adding some more is always
easier than the other way around). My husband raved about it too so this us
definitely gonna be a keeper!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

Meet Catalina

Welcome to Sweet and Savory Meals! Here you can find easy and delicious
recipes to choose from for your daily meals. I strive to provide easy to
follow steps for each recipe, and include videos whenever possible. I hope you
will enjoy them as much as I do!

Read More

Search for

Back to School Favorites

## Instant Pot Whole Chicken Recipe - Fresh or Frozen [Video]

## Creamy Beef and Shells [Video]

## Easy Homemade Lasagna Recipe [Video]

## Instant Pot Orange Chicken Recipe - 30 Minutes [Video]

## Bacon Cheddar Ranch Pinwheels [VIDEO]

## Best Mac and Cheese Casserole [VIDEO]

Save Recipes

Create An Account & Save Recipes

Sign Up Now

This recipe has been added to your favorites.

Send E-mail

Sweet and Savory Meals: find delicious and homemade dishes for all seasons and
occasions.

Follow us on

  * Sitemap
  * Home
  * About
  * Login to account
  * Contact
  * Collaborate

Must Try Pies

  * ## Strawberry Shortcake Pie [Video]

  * ## Classic Pumpkin Pie Recipe [Video]

  * ## Best Homemade Apple Pie [Video]

Game Day Favorites

  * ## Best Instant Pot Chicken Wings From Fresh or Frozen [Video]

  * ## Air Fryer Bacon Wrapped Chicken Tenders [Video]

  * ## Baked Soft Pretzels Recipe with Video

Popular Copycats

  * ## KFC Chicken Copycat [Video]

  * ## McDonald's Big Mac Sauce Copycat [Video]

  * ## Dream Extreme Oreo Cheesecake [VIDEO]

  * Privacy Policy

Sweet and Savory Meals © · All rights reserved.

