https://www.kitchenathoskins.com/2021/01/13/spicy-hunan-chicken-recipe/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search ×

  * About
  * Recipes
    * Dinner
    * Breakfast
    * Pasta
    * Chicken
    * Shrimp
    * Appetizers and Snacks
    * Dessert
    * Meal Prep ideas
    * Garbanzo Bean Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Instant Pot
    * Lunch Box Recipes
  * Air Fryer

Home » Chicken » Hunan Chicken Recipe (Spicy)

# Hunan Chicken Recipe (Spicy)

0 Comments

Jump to Recipe

**Spicy Hunan Chicken Recipe** is a classic Chinese stir fry dish made with
tender pieces of chicken and vegetables tossed in a **savory and SPICY ginger
garlic sauce**. Make this **delicious restaurant favorite** at home tonight!

Love spicy foods? Check out this **Spicy Tacos** , **Chili Lime Shrimp** ,
**Air Fryer Buffalo Wings** , **Thai Spicy Noodles** or **Spicy Pasta**.

As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs we earn a small
commission from qualifying purchases through our affiliate link. For more
information read our Non-Disclosure Agreement.

## Hunan Chicken Recipe

You will fall in love with the medley of tender vibrant veggies, tender meat
tossed in a spicy, savory sauce. Though not hugely popular like orange, sesame
or sweet and sour chicken, this stir fry is more common in authentic menus and
is perfect for a weeknight meal or even for entertaining.

Confined at home for the last year without any vacationing or dining out has
been a real challenge for all of us. However, the only way we cope up is by
making dishes from around the world that **take our taste buds on a vacation**
like this Recipe for Air Fryer Teriyaki Chicken.

I will break down this chicken recipe and try to answer all your questions as
well as offer some tips and tricks. The addition of **dry red chili peppers
might not be authentic,** we loved the bold and complex addition. You can
totally skip it, if desired.

## WHAT IS HUNAN CHICKEN?

Originating in Hunan province of south central china, Hunan cuisine (also
known as Xiang cuisine) is known for its hot, spicy, sour and aromatic flavors
& colors. This stir fry is loaded with fresh vegetables, all coated in a bold
spicy and savory sauce.

## WHATS IN CHINESE HUNAN SAUCE?

It is a complex yet delicious combination of spicy chili garlic paste, tangy
rice vinegar, salty soy, sweet sugar and oyster sauce for some umami. Broth
adds body to the sauce.

## WHAT DOES IT TASTE LIKE?

This is more on the sophisticated and bold taste due to the combination of
spicy, tangy, sour, salty and sweet taste. The chewy chicken and crunchy
vegetables make it highly irresistible.

## WHY YOU'LL LOVE THIS RECIPE?

  1. Made in one skillet - Less clean cup
  2. Balanced meal - Meat and veggies together a balanced meal with protein and vitamins and minerals. Serve with rice for complete meal. 
  3. Adjust the heat level - Although the recipe is on the spicy side, feel free to adjust based on your level. 
  4. Customizable - Use your favorite veggies.

## **Hunan chicken vs Szechuan chicken**

Szechuan originates from Szechuan province of China which is located to the
west of Hunan province. Though both are known for the spicy foods, Szechuan
style is known for a more sweeter and less spicier flavor.

## **Hunan chicken vs General Tso 's chicken**

General Tso's is batter fried before being tossed in the sweet and slightly
spicy sauce much like orange style and does not contain any vegetables.
However, the former is more spicy and is more of a quick stir fry.

## **Hunan chicken vs Kung pao chicken:**

Kung pao usually has the addition of roasted peanuts, dried red chilies and
sauce is starchier and syrupy when compared Hunan style which is more more
spicy, drier and packed with fresh vegetables.

## WHAT KIND OF VEGETABLES TO USE?

**Use any vegetables that you have on hand** like cauliflower, other color
bell pepper, green beans, mushrooms, baby corn, zucchini or snap peas.

## **LOVE A FIERY STIR FRY?**

Break up the red chillies before adding to the dish, All the seeds and flavor
infuses into the sauce and makes it super spicy.

## INGREDIENTS

The ingredients might look like a long laundry list, however all things can be
easily found in all major US grocery stores or our favorite Amazon.

  * **Chicken** - Boneless skinless chicken breast 
  * **Vegetables** - Broccoli, green bell pepper and carrot
  *  **Pantry ingredients** - Soy sauce, oyster sauce, chili garlic sauce, rice vinegar, sugar, black pepper and red chilies. 
  * **Flavorings** - Ginger, garlic and onion

## PRO TIPS FOR SUCCESS

  * **Boneless, skinless chicken thighs** can be used instead on breasts. 
  * Cut chicken into about **1/2-inch thick strips and then each strip into 1 inch pieces.**
  *  **Don 't overcrowd the pan-** If not using a large non stick skillet then we recommend cooking the chicken in two batches. This helps the meat to sear instead of steam cooking which results in a longer time and might over cook, making it tougher. 
  * **Cut vegetables as instructed for faster cooking** - Carrot into thin slices, broccoli into medium size florets, bell pepper and onion into 1 inch discs. 
  * **Adjust spice level**. Chili garlic sauce does not add a ton of spice, so the main heat comes from the dry red chillies. Use as as much as you like. 

## VARIATIONS

  * **Switch up the meat.** Thinly sliced pork may be used instead. 
  * **Use your favorite veggies** - Carrots, cauliflower, broccoli, various colored bell peppers, mushrooms, baby corn, zucchini are all great options.
  * Though not traditional, **roasted peanuts or cashews** tossed at the end, adds a delicious crunch. 

## How to make?

**Make sauce -** Stir soy sauce, oyster sauce, chili garlic sauce, sugar and
rice vinegar together.

**Cook Meat** - Toss cut pieces with cornstarch and cook in a large non stick
skillet, coated with some vegetable oil, until cooked yet tender. Transfer to
a plate.

**Make stir fry** - In the same pan, add broccoli, carrot, green bell pepper
and diced onion, cook in high heat until vegetables are tender yet crunchy.
Stir minced ginger, garlic and red chillies for a about a minute.

Pour in sauce, cooked chicken and black pepper powder. Continue cooking on
high heat until sauce has reduced and coats the meat and vegetables.

## HOW TO SERVE?

Serve with plain white or brown rice, your favorite fried rice or noodles for
dinner.

Need help with fried rice? Some of our favorite fried rice recipes include :
Better than Take out Fried Rice, Egg Fried Rice, Mushroom Fried Rice, Instant
Pot Thai Chicken Fried Rice, Instant Pot Egg Fried Rice, instant Pot Shrimp
Fried Rice or Instant Pot Chicken Fried Rice.

**Frequently asked questions:**

**How many calories in one serving?**

One serving has 473 calories and the recipe makes four servings. However, that
is subject to change depending on the vegetables used.

**What percentage of carbs are in one serving?**

The carbohydrates from this recipe is 37 grams which is approximately 9% for a
2000 calorie diet. However, please note the carbs will vary depending on the
vegetables used.

**More Asian Chicken Take Out Recipes to try:**

  * **Honey Sriracha Chicken**
  *  **Chicken Fried Rice**
  *  **Thai Fried Rice**
  *  **Tomato Egg Drop Soup**
  *  **Thai Red Curry Soup**
  *  **Fried Teriyaki Tofu**

Continue to Content

## Hunan Chicken Recipe (Spicy)

_Yield:_ 4 Servings

_Prep Time:_ 15 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 20 minutes

_Total Time:_ 35 minutes

**Spicy Hunan Chicken Recipe** is a classic Chinese stir fry dish made with
tender pieces of chicken and vegetables tossed in a **savory and SPICY ginger
garlic sauce**. Make this **delicious restaurant favorite** at home tonight!

Print

### Ingredients

#### Sauce

  * 1/2 cup chicken stock (I used 33% reduced sodium)
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoons oyster sauce
  * 2 tablespoons sugar 
  * 1 tablespoon chili garlic sauce
  * 2 teaspoons rice vinegar
  * 1 teaspoon cornstarch

#### Chicken

  * 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, thinly sliced 
  * 4 tablespoons cornstarch
  * 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided 

#### Additional ingredients

  * 1 cup broccoli florets, cut into medium size 
  * 1 small green bell pepper, cored seeded and diced 
  * 1 large carrot, peeled and thinly sliced 
  * 1/2 cup diced onion 
  * 3 large garlic cloves, minced 
  * 1/2 tablespoon minced ginger 
  * 4 to 12 dry red chillies (depending on spice level). optional 
  * 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper 

### Instructions

#### Make sauce

  
Add all sauce ingredients into a medium bowl and stir well to dissolve sugar
and set aside.

#### Cook Chicken

  
1\. Add chicken and cornstarch into a large zip lock bag, seal and give a few
good shakes for all the cornstarch to coat the chicken pieces evenly.

2\. Add 3 tablespoons vegetable oil into a large non-stick skillet and place
over high heat. When hot, place chicken in a single layer and cook for about 4
minutes, turn over and cook for additional 2 minutes or until thoroughly
cooked yet tender. Remove chicken onto a plate (If using a medium size pan,
then cook chicken in two batches).

#### Make Hunan chicken stir fry

1\. Add remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil to the same pan (still over high
heat), add broccoli, green bell pepper, carrot and onion. Cook, stirring
occasionally, for 4 to 6 minutes, until vegetables are tender yet crunchy.

2\. Stir in garlic, ginger and dry red chilies, saute for an additional
minute.

3\. Stir in sauce (give a stir before pouring), chicken (along with any
accumulated juices) and ground black pepper. Continue cooking over high heat
(stirring occasionally), until sauce has thickened and coats the chicken and
vegetables (about 2 minutes).

4\. Serve immediately with white rice or your favorite fried rice or noodles.

### Notes

**Boneless, skinless chicken thighs  **can be used instead on breasts.

Cut chicken into about  **1/2-inch thick strips and then each strip into 1
inch pieces.**

 **Do not overcook chicken**.

 **Don 't overcrowd the pan-** If not using a large non stick skillet then we
recommend cooking the chicken in two batches. This helps the chicken to sear
instead of steam cooking which results in a longer time and might over cook
the chicken, making it tougher.

 **Cut vegetables and instructed for faster cooking** - Carrot into thin
slices, broccoli into medium size florets, bell pepper and onion into 1 inch
discs.

 **Use any vegetables that you have on hand l** ike cauliflower, other color
bell pepper, green beans, mushrooms, baby corn, zucchini or snap peas.

 **Adjust spice level**. Chili garlic sauce does not add a ton of spice, so
the main heat comes from the dry red chillies. Use as as much as you like.

 **Love a fiery stir fry?**  Break up the red chillies and add to the dish,
All the seeds and flavor infuses into the sauce and makes it super spicy.

 **Switch up the meat.  **Thinly sliced pork may be used instead.

###### Nutrition Information:

Yield: 4 Serving Size: 1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 473Total Fat: 19gSaturated Fat: 2gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 15gCholesterol: 97mgSodium: 916mgCarbohydrates: 37gFiber:
5gSugar: 17gProtein: 41g

_I am not a certified dietician or nutritionist. You are ultimately
responsible for all decisions pertaining to your health. This information is
provided as a courtesy and should not be construed as a guarantee. This
information is a product of online calculator such as Nutrifox.com.. Although
Kitchen at Hoskins attempts to provide accurate nutritional information, these
figures should be considered estimates. Varying factors such as product types
or brands purchased, natural fluctuations in fresh produce, and the way
ingredients are processed change the nutritional information in any given
recipe. Furthermore, different online calculators provide different results
depending on their fact sources and algorithms. Under no circumstances will
Kitchen at Hoskins be responsible for any loss or damage resulting for your
reliance on the nutritional information. To obtain the most accurate
representation of the nutritional information in a given recipe, you should
calculate the nutritional information with the actual ingredients used in your
recipe, using your preferred nutrition calculator. You are solely responsible
for ensuring that any nutritional information provided is accurate, complete,
and useful._

### Did you make this recipe?

Please leave a comment on the blog or share a photo on Instagram

(C) Maria Doss

**Cuisine:** chinese  / **Category:** Dinner

Some of the links above are affiliate links, which pay me a small commission
for my referral at no extra cost to you! I am a participant in the Amazon
Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to
provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated
sites. Thank you for supporting kitchenathoskins.com

All contents and images are my original work, unless and otherwise mentioned.
Please do not use my recipes or images without linking back to
www.kitchenathoskins.com. If you wish to republish a recipe, please rewrite in
your own words and don't forget to include a link back to the original recipe.

By Author Maria Doss

Posted on Last updated: August 3, 2022

Categories Chicken, Dinner, Healthy, Kid Friendly, Other

Tags asianbell pepperbroccolicarrotone potspicy

## Post navigation

Spicy Shrimp Sandwich with Avocado

Air fryer Chocolate Chip Cookies - Only 6 Cookies

Click here to cancel reply.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

### Maria Doss

Welcome! I'm Maria, the recipe creator, photographer and writer behind Kitchen
at Hoskins. Here you'll find lots of creative recipes that use clever
techniques or flavor profiles. It might intertwine two cuisines together to
create a perfect blend or use an innovative technique.

Search for:

### Browse

  * 5 Ingredients
  * Air Fryer
  * Air Fryer Dinners
  * Almond Flour
  * Appetizers and Snacks
  * Breads
  * Breakfast
  * Chicken
  * Christmas
  * Cookies
  * Dessert
  * Dinner
  * dinner
  * Drinks
  * Fall
  * Fish
  * Fruits
  * Game Day
  * Gluten-Free
  * Halloween
  * Healthy
  * Instant Pot
  * Kid Friendly
  * Muffins
  * No-Cook
  * Oats
  * Other
  * Pancakes
  * Pasta
  * Rice
  * Salad
  * Sandwich
  * Sheet Pan
  * Shrimp
  * Smoothie
  * Soup
  * Spring
  * Summer
  * Tacos
  * Valentine's Day
  * Vegan
  * Vegetarian
  * Waffles

Copyright © 2021 CANDY GINGER LLC. † Privacy policy

Skip to Recipe

