https://diethood.com/hunan-chicken/#How_to_Make_Hunan_Chicken


Skip to content

_Subscribe& get my easy dinner ideas e-book for FREE!_

Visit my other site: Easy Weeknight Recipes

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

  * Recipe Finder Menu Toggle
    * Recipe Finder
    * Ingredients Index
  * Course Menu Toggle
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Appetizers
    * Sides
    * Soups
    * Dessert
    * Drinks
  * Diet Menu Toggle
    * Vegetarian
    * Gluten Free
    * Keto
    * Low Carb
  * Method Menu Toggle
    * Air Fryer
    * Instant Pot
    * Slow Cooker/Crock Pot
  * Holidays
  * Shop Menu Toggle
    * eBooks
    * Products
  * About

Main Menu

Search

Diethood Â» Recipes Â» Dinner Â» Chicken Recipes

# Hunan Chicken

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe Rate Recipe

By: Katerina Posted: Aug 29, 2021 Net Carbs: 13

5 from 9 votes

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our disclosure policy.

1.1K shares

  *   *   *   * 

This quick and easy **Hunan Chicken** stir fry recipe pairs juicy chicken and
tender vegetables with the best sweet and spicy Hunan Sauce!

Table of Contents

  * An Easy Chinese Stir-Fry Recipe
  * Is Hunan Chicken the Same as Szechuan Chicken?
  * Recipe Ingredients
  * How to Make Hunan Chicken
  * Tips for Success
  * Serving Suggestions
  * How to Store and Reheat Leftovers
  * Can I Freeze Hunan Chicken
  * Get the Recipe
  * More Takeout-Style Recipes

## An Easy Chinese Stir-Fry Recipe

Are you looking for a fresh dinner idea, that isn't too complicated, AND
includes a zesty kick? Then this is the recipe for you! Hunan Chicken is all
of that and more, with its hearty combination of white meat chicken, crisp-
tender vegetables, and signature Hunan sauce.

If you're a fan of Chinese-American food, your probably familiar with Hunan
Chicken already. The perfectly balanced sauce is lightly tangy sauce and just
a bit sweet. Hunan chicken also features tender, juicy white meat chicken and
a variety of veggies. It's no wonder this saucy stir-fry is a staple on most
takeout menus!

## Is Hunan Chicken the Same as Szechuan Chicken?

You might be wondering if Hunan Chicken is more or less the same as Szechuan
Chicken, but actually, they're very different. Originally, the recipes come
from different regions of China. As you might expect, the two dishes typically
contain different ingredients and use a different cooking process, too.

While Szechuan Chicken uses dried chilies (and sometimes special Szechuan
peppercorns) for a spicy kick, Hunan Chicken is spicy thanks to a special
fermented chili paste.

Also, Hunan Chicken is a tangier, saucier dish, and includes more veggies,
while Szechuan Chicken tends to be sweeter and have less (or even no) sauce.

Another difference is in the chicken itself: typically, Szechuan Chicken is
made with fried chunks of chicken, while Hunan Chicken is made with sliced,
velveted chicken breast.

## Recipe Ingredients

Everything in this simple ingredient list should be available at your local
grocery store. If you have trouble sourcing anything, try asking at an ethnic
food store. OR our bestie, Amazon. ðŸ˜Š

_For the Chicken and Veggies:_

  * **Oil:** For sauteing. You'll need about two tablespoons of vegetable oil.
  *  **Chicken:** Thinly slice about a pound of boneless, skinless chicken breasts. You can also cut the chicken into 2-inch chunks.
  *  **Cornstarch:** To get the right texture, we're going to sprinkle the sliced chicken with cornstarch before cooking.
  *  **Salt and Pepper:** To taste.
  *  **Broccoli:** I use two cups of small broccoli florets in this dish.
  *  **Bell Pepper:** Dice up one small bell pepper.
  *  **Mushrooms:** You'll need one cup of thinly sliced mushrooms.
  *  **Garlic:** Two garlic cloves, minced or pressed, round out the savory flavor of this stir-fry.

_For the Hunan Sauce:_

  * **Broth:** To make the dish saucy, you'll need half a cup of chicken or vegetable broth. I usually use low-sodium broth. 
  *  **Soy Sauce:** A couple of **** tablespoons of low-sodium soy sauce adds a salty, umami flavor.
  *  **Oyster Sauce:** This handy condiment is mild, salty, and has a great seafood-y flavor. It really makes at-home stir-fries taste like the real thing!
  *  **Rice Vinegar:** Light and fragrant, rice vinegar is useful for stir-fries and lots of other recipes, too. I love having it on hand.
  *  **Chili Paste:** Hunan Chicken usually includes Doubanjiang paste, but you can substitute sambal oelek or gochujang if they're easier to find.
  *  **Cornstarch:** To thicken the sauce, you'll need two teaspoons of cornstarch.
  *  **Sugar:** A little sugar gives this sauce the finishing touch. Feel free to substitute honey, if you prefer.
  *  **Sliced Green Onion:** For garnish.

## How to Make Hunan Chicken

If you're familiar with making stir-fry, you'll probably recognize this simple
method! Cooking the chicken first, then the veggies, and finally the sauce is
guaranteed to make this Hunan Chicken turn out just right. Word of advice:
PREP all the ingredients before you start cooking.

  1. **Prep the Chicken.** Place the cut up chicken and two tablespoons of cornstarch in a zip-top bag. Seal the bag  and shake everything around to coat.
  2.  **Cook the Chicken.** Heat the vegetable oil in a wok or a large skillet set over high heat. Add the chicken slices to the heated oil in one single layer, and season with salt and pepper. Cook for about 7 minutes, turning once or twice, until done. You'll need to cook the chicken in batches if your skillet isn't big enough. 
  3.  **Cook the Vegetables.** Remove the chicken from the wok or skillet, and set aside. Cook the broccoli, pepper, and mushrooms for 4 to 5 minutes, or until they are tender. Stir in the garlic, and cook for 20 seconds or so. 
  4.  **Make the Sauce.** While the veggies are cooking, whisk together the chicken broth, soy sauce, oyster sauce, rice vinegar, chili paste, cornstarch, and sugar in a small bowl.
  5.  **Combine All the Ingredients.** Return the chicken to the skillet. Pour the sauce over the chicken and veggies, and bring it to a simmer. Continue to cook for a couple minutes, or until the sauce is thickened. 
  6.  **Enjoy!** Remove the finished stir fry from the heat. Garnish with green onions, if using, and serve.

## Tips for Success

I hope you're excited to try this spicy stir-fry recipe! I promise, Hunan
Chicken is so good and very easy to make. But, before you pull out that
**wok** , let me share a couple of helpful tips for making awesome stir-fry,
with great crisp veggies and the juiciest chicken!

  * **Mise en Place:** This French cooking term means "everything in its place," and it's super helpful to remember when making stir-fry! Having all of your ingredients chopped, measured, and ready to go makes the cooking process a breeze.
  *  **Hot Wok:** Or skillet, of course. Here's the thing about stir-fry--to get the ingredients tender and perfectly cooked, you need to have the pan nice and hot. The ingredients should sizzle (and keep sizzling) when they hit the oil.

## Serving Suggestions

I could gobble up this easy main course as-is, but I gotta admit, it's even
better with a good side! Jasmine rice is awesome, or you could do one of
these:

  * **Cauliflower Rice:** Homemade cauliflower rice is the perfect low-carb accompaniment for Hunan Chicken! 
  * **Fried Rice:** Speaking of rice, how about some classic shrimp fried rice to go with your main dish? My original Shrimp Fried Rice and this Cauliflower Shrimp Fried Rice are pretty darn delicious.
  *  **Noodles:** You can go with lo mein, or try these easy stir-fried Zucchini Noodles. They're a natural choice to pair with Hunan Chicken. I do it all the time.

## How to Store and Reheat Leftovers

  * To store leftover stir-fry, place in **airtight containers** and refrigerate for up to three days.
  * To reheat, place leftovers in a **covered skillet** and heat on low until just heated through. Do not overcook.

## Can I Freeze Hunan Chicken

  * I advise to not freeze Hunan Chicken once it's all cooked together because the vegetables will get mushy due to the sauce. 
  * What you can do is freeze the prepared chicken and the sauce _separately_. 
  * Then, thaw when ready to finish cooking the dish.

ENJOY!

Bielmeier Wok Pan 12.5", Woks and Stir Fry Pans with lid, Carbon Steel Wok...

Chef Knife - PAUDIN N1 8 inch Kitchen Knife, German High Carbon Stainless...

Measuring Cups and Spoons Set 11 Piece. Includes 10 Stainless Steel
Measuring...

Pyrex Glass Mixing Bowl Set (3-Piece Set, Nesting, Microwave and Dishwasher...

## HUNAN CHICKEN

Katerina | Diethood

This easy Hunan Chicken recipe pairs juicy sliced chicken breast and tender
vegetables with a spicy, savory Hunan sauce that's perfectly balanced between
tangy and sweet.

5 from 9 votes

Rate this Recipe!

Servings : 4

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Save Saved!

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Total Time 35 mins

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

For the Chicken and Veggies:

  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons vegetable oil,  divided
  * â–¢ 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, thinly sliced
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons cornstarch
  * â–¢ Salt and pepper, to taste
  * â–¢ 2 cups bite-sized broccoli florets
  * â–¢ 1 small red bell pepper, diced
  * â–¢ 1 cup thinly sliced mushrooms
  * â–¢ 2 cloves garlic, minced

For the Sauce:

  * â–¢ Â½ cup low sodium chicken broth
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons oyster sauce
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon rice vinegar
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon chili paste
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoons cornstarch
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon sugar
  * â–¢ Sliced green onions, for garnish
  * â–¢ sesame seeds, for garnish, optional

### Instructions



  * Place sliced chicken and 2 tablespoons cornstarch in a ziploc bag; seal and shake to coat.

  * Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a wok or a large 12-inch skillet set over high heat.

  * Add chicken to the heated oil in one single layer; season with salt and pepper and cook for about 6 to 8 minutes, or until cooked and browned on all sides. Cook chicken in batches if your skillet isn't big enough.

  * Remove chicken from the wok/skillet and set aside.

  * To the same skillet add remaining oil, broccoli, pepper, and mushrooms; cook for 4 minutes, or until veggies are tender.

  * Stir in garlic and cook for 20 seconds.

  * Add chicken back to the skillet.

  * In the meantime, in a small bowl whisk together the chicken broth, soy sauce, oyster sauce, rice vinegar, chili paste, cornstarch, and sugar.

  * Pour the sauce over the chicken and veggies and bring to a simmer.

  * Continue to cook for a couple minutes, or until sauce is thickened.

  * Remove from heat.

  * Garnish with green onions and sesame seeds.

  * Serve.

### Notes

NET CARBS: 13g

### Nutrition

Calories: 263 kcal | Carbohydrates: 15 g | Protein: 28 g | Fat: 11 g |
Saturated Fat: 6 g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1 g | Monounsaturated Fat: 2 g |
Trans Fat: 1 g | Cholesterol: 73 mg | Sodium: 672 mg | Potassium: 768 mg |
Fiber: 2 g | Sugar: 4 g | Vitamin A: 1257 IU | Vitamin C: 82 mg | Calcium: 39
mg | Iron: 1 mg | Net Carbs: 13 g

Nutritional info is an estimate and provided as courtesy. Values may vary
according to the ingredients and tools used. Please use your preferred
nutritional calculator for more detailed info.

Course: Dinner

Cuisine: Asian

Keyword: chicken sitr fry, hunan chicken

Did you make this recipe?Take a pic and let us know how it was!

### Categories:

  * 30 Min
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Gluten Free
  * One Pot Meals
  * Quick Dinner Ideas
  * Recipes

## More Takeout-Style Recipes

  * Easy Kung Pao Chicken
  * 30 Minute Skinny Cashew Chicken
  * Easy Soba Noodle Soup

### You might also like...

#### Juicy Stove Top Chicken Breasts Recipe

#### The BEST Chicken Seasoning Blend

#### Juicy Stove Top Chicken Thighs Recipe

#### Chicken and Vegetables Skillet | Healthy & Low Carb

### Ask a Question or Rate this Recipe Cancel Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Write your comment...

Name*

Email*

Î”

###  18 comments on "Hunan Chicken"

  1. **Kara**

Aug 30, 2021 at 1:17 PM

Left out the mushroom because my family won't eat them. Followed it exactly
except for that, and it was delicious! Whole family loved it!

Reply

    1. **Katerina Petrovska**

Aug 31, 2021 at 9:54 AM

That's great! I'm very glad everyone enjoyed it! Thank YOU! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  2. **April**

Aug 30, 2021 at 1:39 PM

This was SO GOOD. Tons of flavor and even my kids gobbled up all of theirs
(they're usually super picky). Definitely will be making again!

Reply

    1. **Katerina Petrovska**

Aug 31, 2021 at 9:53 AM

That's great to hear! I am very glad everyone enjoyed it! Thank YOU! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  3. **Allyson Zea**

Aug 30, 2021 at 1:45 PM

This was incredibly delicious and saucy! I loved every bite

Reply

    1. **Katerina Petrovska**

Aug 31, 2021 at 9:52 AM

That's great! I'm very happy you enjoyed it! Thank YOU! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  4. **Erik**

Aug 30, 2021 at 5:04 PM

Love all the broccoli in this. Such a great dinner idea!

Reply

    1. **Katerina Petrovska**

Aug 31, 2021 at 9:52 AM

Thank YOU! I hope you enjoy it!:)

Reply

  5. **Krystle**

Aug 30, 2021 at 9:50 PM

We love this recipe, the sauce is lick your plate clean good.

Reply

    1. **Katerina Petrovska**

Aug 31, 2021 at 9:49 AM

That's great! I am very happy you enjoyed it! Thank YOU! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  6. **Erin | Dinners, Dishes and Dessert**

Aug 31, 2021 at 2:22 AM

This Hunan Chicken looks incredibly delicious!

Reply

    1. **Katerina Petrovska**

Aug 31, 2021 at 9:49 AM

Thank you so much! I hope you enjoy it! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  7. **Allyson Zea**

Aug 31, 2021 at 2:57 PM

This was out of this world delicious! Loved the flavors!!!! Making again next
week for dinner!

Reply

    1. **Katerina Petrovska**

Sep 1, 2021 at 12:33 PM

That's great! Thank you so much! I am very glad you enjoyed it! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  8. **Catalina**

Aug 31, 2021 at 3:56 PM

Deliciousness! Love all these flavors and veggies! My favorite!

Reply

    1. **Katerina Petrovska**

Sep 1, 2021 at 12:33 PM

Thank YOU! I hope you'll enjoy it! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  9. **Beth**

Aug 31, 2021 at 5:03 PM

This was such a delicious and flavorful dish! Absolutely tasty and that hunan
sauce is divine, and ties it all together perfectly! Iâ€™ll definitely make this
again!

Reply

    1. **Katerina Petrovska**

Sep 1, 2021 at 12:32 PM

I am very happy you loved it! Thank you so much! ðŸ™‚

Reply

Meet Katarina!

I'm a cookie-maker & picture-taker! For me, eating is a moment to share, an
enjoyment, a passion. I hope you enjoy my recipes!

## Recipe Key

  * 30 Min
  * Slow Cooker
  * Freezer Friendly
  * One Pot
  * Low Carb
  * Instant Pot
  * Gluten Free
  * Keto
  * Chicken
  * Beef
  * Seafood
  * Pork

Get a FREE Dinner Ideas E-Book

Subscribe Now

## Reader Favorites

  * Tender and Juicy Pork Loin Roast Recipe

  * Garlic Butter Oven Baked Tilapia

  * Juicy Stove Top Chicken Breasts Recipe

  * Recipe Finder
  * Ingredients Index
  * eBooks
  * Products
  * About Me

  * Course
  * Diet
  * Method
  * Holidays

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Check out my other site:  
_Easy Weeknight Recipes_

  * Recipe Finder
  * Ingredients Index
  * eBooks
  * Products
  * About Me

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Check out my other site:  
_Easy Weeknight Recipes_

__Get a FREE Dinner Ideas E-BookSubscribe Now

## Course

  * Breakfast
  * Lunch
  * Dinner
  * Desserts

## Diet

  * Gluten Free
  * Keto
  * Low Carb
  * Vegetarian

## Method

  * Air Fryer
  * Instant Pot
  * Slow Cooker

(C) 2022 Diethood

  * About
  * Work With Me
  * Privacy

By Swift Horse Marketing

Scroll to Top

