https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/sweet-chilli-honey-king-prawns-recipe/9f1qj36h?r=recipes/prawnrecipes&c=5fd39ade-d8c7-4628-bac4-0652aae00a03/Prawn%20recipes


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Sweet chilli honey prawns

  * _15m_ prep
  * _20m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

1

Save Recipe

886 people saved this

6 people made this

Here's how to make the Chinese takeaway fave, Honey King Prawns, at home. This
easy version has that all that classic crispy, sweet batter goodness you love,
with a slightly spicy twist.

K

Kathy Knudsen

Food Writer

438 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain gluten, wheat, egg, sesame and crustacean.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 14 Ingredients 
  * 3 Method Steps 

#### 14 Ingredients

  * 75g (1/2 cup) self-raising flour 

  * 100g (2/3 cup) cornflour 

  * 1 egg 

  * 185ml (3/4 cup) cold water 

  * Canola oil, to deep fry 

  * 750g green prawns, peeled, deveined, tails intact 

  * Sesame seeds, to serve 

  * Sliced green shallot, to serve 

  * Steamed rice, to serve 

  * Steamed broccolini, to serve 

  * ### honey chilli sauce

  * 80ml (1/3 cup) honey 

  * 1 tbsp sweet chilli sauce 

  * 1 tsp tomato paste 

  * 1 tsp sesame oil 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 3 Method Steps

  * Step 1

To make the sauce combine the honey  (80ml (1/3 cup) honey ), sweet chilli  (1
tbsp sweet chilli sauce), tomato paste  (1 tsp tomato paste) and sesame oil
(1 tsp sesame oil) in a frying pan over medium-low heat. Cook for 1 minute to
heat through

  * Step 2

Sift the flour  (75g (1/2 cup) self-raising flour) and half of the cornflour
(100g (2/3 cup) cornflour) into a large bowl. Season with salt. Make a well in
centre. Add egg  (1 egg) and cold water. Whisk until smooth.

  * Step 3

Pour canola  (Canola oil, to deep fry) oil into a large saucepan to come one-
third of the way up side of pan. Place over high heat. Heat to 180C on a
cookâ€™s thermometer (when oil is ready, a cube of bread will turn golden in 15
seconds). Place the remaining cornflour in a dish. Coat the prawns  (750g
green prawns, peeled, deveined, tails intact) in cornflour, shaking off
excess. Dip prawns, 1 at a time, in batter. Deep-fry prawns, in batches, for
3-4 minutes or until golden. Place on a wire rack to drain. Fry prawns again,
in batches, for 1 minute or until crisp. Drain and toss in honey sauce.
Sprinkle with sesame seeds  (Sesame seeds, to serve) and shallot  (Sliced
green shallot, to serve). Serve with rice  (Steamed rice, to serve) and
broccolini.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

6 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

886 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

Like it a little hotter? Swap the sweet chilli in the honey sauce for 1 tbs
sriracha chilli sauce or 1 tsp chilli paste.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Nigel Lough

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  2. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  3. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  4. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  5. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  6. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  7. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  8. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

