https://myfoodstory.com/5-ingredient-honey-chilli-garlic-tiger-prawns-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Meet Richa
  * __
  * find a recipe

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

find a recipe

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Meet Richa

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram

√ó

Home ¬ª Seafood Recipes

Published: May 10, 2016 ¬∑ Modified: Apr 20, 2021 by Richa ¬∑ This post may
contain affiliate links.

# 5 Ingredient Honey Chilli Garlic Tiger Prawns

__Pin 1K

 __Share 55

 __WhatsApp

 __Email

1K Shares

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

**_Here's a quick Asian dinner for when you don't have enough time at hand but
want a home cooked meal! These Honey Chilli Garlic Tiger Prawns take just 5
ingredients and 8 minutes to get ready! They are not saucy or soupy but have
enough at the bottom to coat your rice or noodles!_**

Are you kidding me? This is my answer to all those times when it was much
easier to pick up the phone and order in pizza instead. I'm talking 5
ingredients in these insanely delicious Honey Chilli Garlic Tiger Prawns and
exactly 8 minutes to make them!

I think you are going to be seeing quite a few of these 5 ingredient/ 15
minute/ under 30 minute/ one pan meal kinda business around here in the
future. You see this month is just busy busy busy. We are moving houses which
means first searching for a house, finding 'the one' and then packing all of
the 152 boxes that I know we are going to have, to move!

In between all of this, we are also attending Denver's cousins wedding so
yaaaaaaay quick party and then we are back!

Guys these prawns are crazy delicious! And they only need a sprinkle of this
and a spoonful of that, and before you can say tiger prawns they are ready!
It's a classic combination for seafood - honey, chilli flakes and garlic! I
threw in some snow peas right towards the end so that they could just sizzle a
bit and not get all squishy. But you can totally add whatever vegetable works
for you. I love adding broccoli, mushrooms, even beans or bok choy. Anything
green is the best!

They are not so much soupy or saucy. But there is enough at the bottom of the
pan to just coat your noodles or rice slightly. This can't be categorized as
Thai or Chinese or Korean. I think it's just a simple Asian stir fry that is
so perfect for quick dinners when you want something satisfyingly homemade but
don't have enough time to cook dinner!

## More Asian Dishes You'll Love:

  * _**Easy Thai Basil Chicken**_
  *  _ **Teriyaki Shrimp Broccoli Stir Fry**_
  *  _ **Teriyaki Meatballs with Pineapple**_
  *  _ **Vegetarian Gravy with Mushrooms**_
  *  _ **Shrimp Chow Mein (One Pot Meal, 30 minute)**_

Are you with me on these quick dinner options? If you are figuring out too
many things in your life too and just want some quick dinner inspiration,
check out my One Pan/30 Minute Meals board on Pinterest.

## 5 Ingredient Honey Chilli Garlic Tiger Prawns

Looking for meals under 15 minutes? This is it - 5 ingredient honey garlic
chilli tiger prawns! All the asian flavours you love in this one easy recipe!

4.67 from 3 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Snacks & Appetizers

Cuisine: American

Diet: Gluten Free, Halal

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 15 minutes

Servings: 4 Portions

Calories: 203kcal

Author: Richa

### Ingredients

  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tablespoon Olive Oil
  * ‚ñ¢ 500 grams Prawns Tiger , cleaned and deveined
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬æ teaspoon Chili Flakes
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 teaspoon Garlic Paste
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tablespoon Honey
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 cup Peas Snow
  * ‚ñ¢ Salt to taste

### Instructions

  * Add tiger prawns to a bowl and add chili flakes and garlic paste to them. Mix and let them sit for 5 minutes while you prepare your snow peas or any other vegetable you are using.

  * Heat oil in a skillet or pan and add the tiger prawns. Stir fry them for 4-5 minutes and add honey, 3 tablespoons water, snow peas and salt. Because of the honey, it should start becoming a little saucy. Switch off the flame after a minute or two, just as soon as the snow peas look slightly steamed and become a bright green.

  * Serve these 5 Ingredient Honey Chilli Garlic Tiger Prawns with some rice noodles or just plain steamed rice.

### Notes

  1. The **cooking time** may change by a minute or two depending on the size of prawns.
  2. **Frozen Prawns:** Frozen prawns have an advantage of being deveined and cleaned so they help save time while making this recipe, with the same great taste
  3. Make sure to only **add defrosted prawns**. Adding frozen prawns will leave out water in the pan making it diluted. 
  4. I added in some **snow peas** right towards the end so that they could just sizzle a bit and not get all squishy. But you can totally add whatever vegetable works for you. I love adding broccoli, mushrooms, even beans or bok choy.

### Nutrition

Calories: 203kcal | Carbohydrates: 10g | Protein: 28g | Fat: 5g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 315mg | Sodium: 974mg | Potassium: 188mg | Fiber: 2g |
Sugar: 6g | Vitamin A: 277IU | Vitamin C: 21mg | Calcium: 190mg | Iron: 3mg

Subscribe Today!Sign-up here Email List!

__Pin 1K

 __Share 55

 __WhatsApp

 __Email

1K Shares

¬´ Healthy Oats Crusted Fish Tacos + Mango Salsa

Chinese Potli Samosa Wontons ¬ª

###

* This post may contain affiliate links.

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Ellen says

July 07, 2021 at 6:35 am

  
This was so easy and quite tasty!!

Reply

  2. Nancy says

August 24, 2020 at 4:39 pm

I not a good cook, i try out this dish which came out well.

Reply

    * Richa Gupta says

February 17, 2021 at 8:18 pm

Awesome, Nancy! Honey chilli garlic prawns are yummm!

Reply

  3. Peter says

March 05, 2020 at 1:46 pm

  
I used Mangetout instead of snow peas and didn't use the honey and it was
fantastic.

Then I tried with honey and it cancelled out the chilli üôÅ

Reply

  4. Chiranjib Pradhan says

February 02, 2020 at 3:45 pm

It's very testy.

Reply

  5. Bish says

April 14, 2019 at 1:19 am

  
Superb, easy and delicious.

Reply

    * Richa says

April 25, 2019 at 11:48 am

Thanks Bish!

Reply

  6. Panabakam Divya says

July 12, 2017 at 12:42 pm

It's total yum! I used onions instead of snow peas.

Reply

    * Richa says

July 13, 2017 at 9:23 am

Thank YOU!

Reply

  7. Bibek says

February 03, 2017 at 4:06 am

Just waiting for Sunday. The nicest part is that the list of ingredients is
unbelievably small. Way to go Richa. Enrich us with simple and easy-to-prepare
dishes.  
Thanks again.

Reply

    * richagupta says

February 03, 2017 at 8:20 am

Thank you Bibek! So glad you liked it üôÇ

Reply

  8. Richa Gupta says

May 10, 2016 at 1:57 pm

Maliha you shouldn't be! As long as they are cleaned and deveined properly,
they are one of the easiest meats to cook. Just follow the timings I've
mentioned (which will vary for smaller sized prawns) and you should be fine! I
really hope you try it üôÇ

Reply

  9. maliha says

May 10, 2016 at 12:15 pm

Im slightly intimidated by prawns! this looks great and simple! will try soon

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Cooked this? Rate this recipe! Cooked this? Rate this recipe!  
  
  
  
  

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi I'm Richa!** the cook, writer and photographer behind this little blog.
I‚Äôve grown up in the kitchen along side my mum and grandmothers and
conversations in my family are always about the next meal. I‚Äôve picked up
their love for food along the way, and with this blog, I share my food story
with you.

### TOP RECIPES

  * Idli Dosa Batter - For soft idlis and crispy dosas!

  * Crispy Honey Chilli Potatoes - so easy to make at home!

  * Restaurant Style Paneer Butter Masala

  * Dhaba Style Chicken Curry

  * The Best Chicken Biryani (Step by step video recipe)

  * Soft Rotis - How to make them at home

* * *

### Christmas Favourites

  * Creamy Garlic Mashed Potatoes

  * Roasted Spatchcock Chicken with Orange Rosemary

  * Herb Garlic Roast Chicken

  * Danish Brown Butter Cookies - Perfect for gifting

  * How to make Panna Cotta - Classic Vanilla!

  * Last Minute Plum Cake (Christmas Fruit Cake)

## Footer

‚Üë back to top

* * *

###

  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclaimer
  * Copyright

###

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

###

  * About

¬© COPYRIGHT 2022 MY FOOD STORY

(C) Copyright 2022 My Food Story

