https://khinskitchen.com/crispy-honey-shrimp/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * All Recipes
  * Popular
  * Asian
  * Dinner
  * Noodles
  * Rice
  * Subscribe my Newsletter
  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * Terms & Conditions
  * search...

menu icon

search icon

search...

  * All Recipes
  * Popular
  * Asian
  * Dinner
  * Noodles
  * Rice
  * Subscribe my Newsletter
  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * Terms & Conditions

×

Home > Recipe Index > Chinese

# Crispy Honey Shrimp

Published: Jan 3, 2021 · Modified: Sep 30, 2021 · by Khin · This post may
contain affiliate links.

Jump to Recipe

Best Asian Crispy Honey Shrimp ( Prawns ) with lightly battered king prawns in
sweet and savoury honey garlic sauce. Create super light, crispy, airy, non-
greasy fried prawns at home with our simple recipe tips in under 30 minutes!

If you are a fan of PF Chang's Honey Shrimp or Dynamite Shrimp you will
definitely love this Chinese Honey Shrimp recipe!

These crispy fried prawns tossed in sweet, sticky honey sauce are lip smacking
good and taste just like you've had at your favourite Chinese/Thai restaurant.

## How To Make Perfect Crispy Honey Shrimp

Here is our few simple tips to make the best honey glazed fried shrimp at home
with everyday cupboard friendly ingredients!

### 1\. Lets start with the crispy airy coating!

This prawn coating is super crispy and retains its texture even after you
tossed it with the honey sauce. There are the essential ingredients to make
the airy, crispy, non-greasy prawn coating.

**Corn starch, Flour,** and Baking Soda: Mix corn starch and regular plain
flour with a pinch of baking soda. Corn starch will keep the coating texture
crispy, plain flour and baking soda create a fluffy batter that doesn’t tear
apart. Break one egg white into the seasoned prawns before you dust it in the
flour mix, which will keep the flour mix stick to the prawns.

**Prawns/Shrimp** \- I usually love to make this dish with large king
prawns/shrimp, peeled and deveined and tails on. You can remove tails, it's
totally optional.

### 2\. Deep Frying

Fry with high-temperature vegetable oil to prevent the coating from greasy.
The temperature should be around 350F. Test with a food thermometer or with a
wooden chopstick. If the oil bubbles are fizzing fast and steadily, it's ready
to fry the prawns. Fry until crispy golden brown and let it sit on the cooling
wire rack to remain its crispy texture.

#### Can I bake it?

Highly recommend frying in oil for the best result but if you prefer to avoid
deep frying. You can bake or air fry the coated shrimps. Spray cooking oil on
both side of coated shrimp, place them on the baking sheet, and bake in
preheated oven at 400˚F for 15 to 20 minutes. Turn sides on halfway through.
Or you can fry with preheated air fryer at 400˚F for 8 to 10 minutes and flip
sides on halfway.

### 3\. Sticky Honey Sauce

This honey sauce is a well-balanced combination of sweet and savoury taste.
You will need honey, light soy sauce, sugar, lemon juice, and chicken stock as
a base.

Add corn starch to slightly thicken the sauce and create a glossy texture. A
dash of sesame oil brings the toasted sesame flavour to the dish. Reduce the
sauce with the medium heat until slightly thicken and then you are ready to
toss your fried prawns.

You can add this honey sauce in different varieties of stir fry dishes like
crispy honey chicken, squid, or even taste great with crispy tender steak. If
you prefer your sauce with a kick of chilli taste, add a bit of sweet chilli
sauce or crushed chilli flakes to the sauce mixture.

### Simple Cooking Tips

  * Use large shrimp or prawns as they can shrink a bit when you deep fry them.

  * Leave the tails on when you peel it as it is easy to grab from the tail when you coat in the flour mix and adding in hot oil.

  * Don’t skip the pat drying step! Place the cleaned, peeled prawns over the paper towel and cover with more paper towels and press gently with hands to pat dry.

  * Use enough oil about 2 inches in the medium pot, to achieve the crunchy, airy coating.

  * Keep the oil clean while frying by pick up the crumbs with a strainer between batches to keep the oil clear.

  * For frying oil, use a flavorless vegetable oil like sunflower, corn, peanut, canola, etc. As vegetable oil has a neutral flavour it doesn’t overpower or change the dish’s taste and aroma.

### How to serve this dish?

You can simply serve this dish with simply steamed rice, noodles, fried rice,
vegetable salad or steamed. I usually serve over hot steamed rice, topped with
extra toasted sesame seeds, spring onions, and crispy chilli oil as I love a
kick of chilli with my prawns. This dish is super addictive and my family
never seem to have enough of these Honey Prawns whenever I make it at home. So
I had to always make extra! Hope you like it too!

#### Here is more of our favourite Asian prawns/shrimp recipes you might like
to try:

  * Salt and Pepper Prawns ( Chinese style salt and pepper prawns. )
  * Sweet and Sour Prawn Balls ( Crispy fried prawns in classic sweet and sour sauce. )
  * Shanghai Noodles with Prawns ( King prawns with noodles and homemade stir fry sauce. )
  * Stir-Fry Prawns & Broccoli ( Super quick and easy weeknight dinner option! )
  * Prawn Salad with Asian Dressing (King prawn with glass noodles and chilli lime dressing. )

## Crispy Honey Shrimp

Lightly battered crispy fried shrimp/prawns glazed with sweet and savoury
honey garlic sauce.

5 from 14 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Appetizer, Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese Cuisine

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Servings: 2

Calories: 680kcal

Author: Khin

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 12 oz Prawns ( About 350 g, Peeled and devenied )
  * ▢ 2 cloves Garlic  ( Fine chopped )
  * ▢ 2 Spring onions ( green onions ) cut thin slices
  * ▢ Toasted sesame seeds ( To serve )
  * ▢ ¼ tsp Salt
  * ▢ ¼ tsp Black pepper
  * ▢ 1 tsp Sesame oil
  * ▢ Vegetable oil ( sunflower, peanut, canola, or any neutral flavoured vegetable oil )
  * ▢ 1 Egg

#### Coating Flour Mix

  * ▢ 1 cup Corn Starch ( Or potato starch/flour )
  * ▢ ⅓ cup Plain flour ( All purpose flour )
  * ▢ ¼ tsp Baking Soda

#### Honey Sauce

  * ▢ 2 tbsp Honey 
  * ▢ 2 tbsp Soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Sugar
  * ▢ 1 tsp Corn starch ( or potato starch/ flour )
  * ▢ 1 tsp Sesame oil
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Lemon Juice ( Or lime/orange juice )
  * ▢ ¼ cup  Chicken stock ( or vegetable stock / water )

### Instructions

  * Pat dry the king prawns/shrimp with paper towel. Season with simple salt, black pepper and sesame oil. Mix well and set aside. 

  * In a small mixing bowl add honey, soy sauce, sugar, corn starch, chicken stock, sesame oil and lemon juice. Mix until the sugar and corn starch dissolve well.

  * Mix the corn starch, plain flour and baking soda in a large mixing bowl. Mix well to combine all ingredients evenly. 

  * Break one egg white into the seasoned prawns, mix it well.

  * Dredge the prawns in the flour mix, dip and press gently to coat evenly. Place the coated prawns on the tray and repeat the process to the remaining prawns. Toss the excess flour out before frying.

  * Heat the vegetable oil to high heat about 340° - 350° F and fry the prawns about 2 minutes until crispy. Remove from oil and transfer to cooling rack or paper towel.

  * In a large wok/pan, drizzle 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil and fry the chopped garlic for few seconds and pour the honey sauce mixture in. Stir continuously until the sauce start to get thicken.

  * Place the fried prawns in the sauce and toss well to combine the sauce and prawns evenly. 

  * Turn off the heat and sprinkle the chopped spring onions and toasted sesame seeds in.

  * Transfer to serving plate and serve immediately.

### Nutrition

Calories: 680kcal | Carbohydrates: 103g | Protein: 43g | Fat: 9g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 3g | Monounsaturated Fat: 3g | Trans Fat: 1g |
Cholesterol: 511mg | Sodium: 2838mg | Potassium: 328mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar:
25g | Vitamin A: 241IU | Vitamin C: 13mg | Calcium: 285mg | Iron: 6mg

Tried this Recipe? Pin it for Later!Mention @KhinsKitchen or tag
#KhinsKitchen!

If you enjoy our recipe, please leave a comment and give us a rating! If
you’ve tried this recipe, tag me on social media, I would love to see your
creations! Follow me on social media Facebook, Instagram and Pinterest for the
latest updates.

« Ground Beef Curry

Chicken & Mushroom Stir Fry »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Lynn O’Brien says

March 09, 2022 at 3:44 am

  
Love the sauce!

Reply

    * Khin says

March 09, 2022 at 11:56 am

Thanks Lynn! Happy that you enjoyed it.

Reply

  2. Ann says

August 12, 2021 at 8:26 pm

  
I like all your recipes. Easy to follow instructions. Thanks

Reply

    * Khin says

August 15, 2021 at 3:52 pm

Hi Ann, so glad that you enjoy our recipes. Thank you so much for taking the
time and sharing your lovely feedback!

Reply

  3. Michael says

May 30, 2021 at 2:24 am

  
I made your crispy shrimp this evening and put them on a salad. It knocked my
wife’s eyes out!! It was super simple. Better still, it didn’t make giant mess
of my kitchen. Thanks tons!!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

  

**Hi, I'm Khin!** This blog is all about my family home cooking recipes. I
want to share how to make delicious meals from simplest method with step-by-
step cooking videos.

More about me →

### Popular Post

  * Sweet and Sour Chicken Hong Kong Style

  * Spicy Chicken Pasta

  * Crispy Salt and Chilli Chicken

  * King Prawn Chow Mein

  * Crispy Shredded Chicken

  * Crispy Chilli Beef (with Sweet Chilli)

### Asian Take out

  * Chinese Chicken Curry

  * Crispy Shredded Beef Recipe

  * Chinese Salt and Pepper Chips

  * Salt and Pepper Chicken

  * Lamb Karahi

  * Lamb Tikka Masala

  * Masala Chips

  * Crispy Honey Chilli Chicken

###  New Recipes

  * Salmon and Prawn Pasta

  * Satay Chicken Curry

  * Easy Beef Chow Mein

  * Easy Chicken Tempura

## Footer

↑ back to top

  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms & Conditions

  * Sign Up! for recipe newsletter

  * Contact

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 KHIN'S KITCHEN

