https://thechutneylife.com/recipes/appetizers/veg-hakka-noodles/


Skip to content

FacebookInstagramPinterest

Search for:

  * About
  * Recipes __

    * RECIPES BY CATEGORY

      * Vegetarian
      * Instant Pot
      * Pasta, Noodles & Rice
      * Mexican Fusion
      * Sandwiches, Salads & Burgers
      * Indian Fusion
      * Snacks, Sides & Soups
      * Chicken & Seafood
      * Chutney & Sauces
      * Toddler
    * RECIPES BY SEASON

      * Christmas
      * Game Day
      * Fall
      * Thanksgiving
      * Summer
    * RECIPES BY INGREDIENT

  * Lifestyle __
    * Fashion & Beauty
  * Motherhood __
    * Baby
    * Motherhood
    * Pregnancy & Post Partum
  * Master Link List __
    * Master Link List
    * Shop my LiketoKnowit
    * Promo Codes
  * Contact and Privacy
  * Shop My Amazon

Search for:

# Vegetable Hakka Noodles

Home/Appetizers, Dinner, Pasta, Noodles & Rice, Recipes/Vegetable Hakka
Noodles

  * View Larger Image

## Vegetable Hakka Noodles

Palak Patel2020-12-10T00:21:08+00:00

_Click here to watch me prepare this recipe on my IGTV._

Let me start by saying that I am OBSESSED with noodles. Really, I would eat
them for breakfast, lunch, dinnerâ€¦any time of day really. **NO** time is a
wrong time to eat noodles.

When I go to India (and I've gone like 5 times in the last 2 years) all I ever
want is **_HAKKA NOODLES!_** They can be found on menus EVERYWHERE and Indo-
Chinese in India is the best so it's hard to resist! I love the texture of the
thin noodles, the crisp veggies, and like most food in India- the greasiness!
I tried to be modest with the oil in my recipe but remember, if you're going
to go all out and make these and you want to really just live a little..don't
skimp on the oil and make DRY noodles. NO ONE likes dry noodles - it's just
not right, guys. Don't do it.

Variations? You could sub the Ching's Noodles for a whole wheat thin spaghetti
or even regular spaghetti! You can also omit any veggies if you are not a fan
of something in particular, although I think the cabbage lends a lot of flavor
to this recipe, so try not to skip that one!

#### Here are some other dishes that would pair great with these Hakka
noodles:

  * Chili Paneer
  * Kung Pao Brussel Sprouts
  * Tandoori Fried Rice
  * Broccoli & Edamame Fried Rice

Also, if you're skimming through the photos, don't be like me and cut your
peppers all big and crazy. My recipe calls for "julienned" red and green
peppers, so take the time and get them nice and thin! Learn from my mistakes,
please.

TASTY TIP: Once all the ingredients have come together (noodles, veggies, and
sauces) I like to turn the heat all the way up to high, let the noodles sit
untouched, and let what's in the bottom of the wok get slightly charred. Once
I see the veggies are starting to stick, I just mix it all up! This method
adds that delicious "smoky" restaurant-style flavor! Try it out ðŸ™‚

Happy Eating!

1 vote

Print

## Veg Hakka Noodles

Prep 15 mins

Cook 15 mins

Total 30 mins

Yield 2-4 Servings

### Ingredients

  * 1 cup shredded cabbage
  * 1 cup red bell pepper, julienned
  * 1 cup green bell pepper, julienned
  * 1/2 cup carrots, shredded
  * 3 scallions, white and pale green parts separated from dark green parts
  * 2 tsp chili sauce (Sambal Oelek)
  * 3 tbsp soy sauce
  * 2 tbsp minced garlic
  * 2 tsp ginger, minced (preferably grated on microplane)
  * 1.5 tsp rice wine vinegar or regular vinegar
  * 2-3 green chilis (based on desired spice level)minced or julienned 
  * 1 Package Ching's Secret Veg Hakka Noodles (2 Bundles of dry noodles)
  * 1/4 tsp white pepper
  * 1/2 tsp salt or more to taste
  * Optional: Chili Oil

### Instructions

  1. Boil the hakka noodles according to package directions. Be sure to rinse noodles under cold water after they are done cooking. To keep noodles from sticking to one another drizzle 1-2 tbsp of oil, and use your hands to gently separate the noodles from one another. Set Aside.
  2. Heat a large wok or wide bottom pot to medium high heat and add 2 tbsp oil.
  3. Once the oil is hot, add the green chilis and let them splutter for a few seconds and then add the white and pale green parts of the scallion. Cook for about 1-2 minutes and next, add the sliced bell peppers. Cook the peppers until they just barely begin to soften.
  4. Next, add the ginger, garlic stir until the raw smell of garlic has disappeared, but garlic has not browned.
  5. Once the garlic and ginger are fragrant, add the cabbage, carrots, and salt. Stir for about a minute.
  6. Reduce the heat to low and toss the noodles into your pot. On top of the noodles add soy sauce, chili sauce, vinegar, and white pepper. Use tongs or two mixing spoons to toss everything together very well. If necessary- use scissors to cut the noodles.
  7. Lastly, garnish the noodles with the remaining green parts of the scallions, give the noodles a quick toss and serve hot! Taste for salt and adust as needed.
  8. Additionally, a drizzle of chili oil, or crushed red chili flakes can be added for more spice!

Cuisine Indo- Chinese





#### Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!

FacebookTwitterLinkedInRedditWhatsAppTumblrPinterestVkEmail

###  Related Posts

  * ####  Roasted Sweet Potatoes with Greek Yogurt, Craisins & Honey

October 6th, 2021 | 0 Comments

  * ####  Dinnertime Made Easy with Taco Night from ALDI!

August 23rd, 2021 | 0 Comments

  * ####  Paneer Masala

July 26th, 2021 | 0 Comments

  * ####  Spicy Bean Tostadas with Chipotle & Scallion Slaw

July 22nd, 2021 | 0 Comments

###  14 Comments

  1. **Urvi** 09/01/2017 at 2:09 pm \- Reply

Are the noodles the one that comes in the white package with the little spice
packet? If so, do you use the spice mix that comes with the noodles?

    * **Palak Patel** 09/01/2017 at 5:44 pm \- Reply

Hi Urvi! The Ching's Noodles I use do not come with any spice packet. They are
definitely in a white packaging with black lettering but its just the noodles!
Hope that helps, let me know if you still need help figuring out which ones
they are!

  2. **Kav** 09/01/2017 at 8:56 pm \- Reply

Where do you normally buy those noodles?

    * **Palak Patel** 09/02/2017 at 4:37 am \- Reply

Hey Kavita,  
I buy them from my local Indian grocery store! I believe you could find them
online as well!

  3. **DP** 09/05/2017 at 2:40 am \- Reply

Hey! These noodles look great! What kind of vinegar did you use and how much?

    * **Palak Patel** 09/05/2017 at 4:08 am \- Reply

I can't believe I forgot the vinegar in the ingredients! Thanks for catching
that ( I updated it). I used 1tsp of rice wine vinegar in the recipe. You
could use regular vinegar as well. Thanks for stopping by the blog ðŸ™‚

  4. **Gail** 01/23/2018 at 10:06 am \- Reply

Hi! I want to incorporate a protein-grilled chicken perhaps? Any suggestions
on how to do that with a good marinade? Or shrimp ?

    * **Palak Patel** 01/25/2018 at 12:40 am \- Reply

Hey I think Shrimp would be perfect in this recipe! I'd marinate the garlic in
some fresh ginger, garlic and a touch of soy sauce, cook them and then add
them on top of the noodles!

  5. **Uche ukazim** 01/31/2019 at 4:17 am \- Reply

This looks so yummy omggg ðŸ˜©

  6. **DipaL Desai** 01/31/2019 at 2:40 pm \- Reply

Have you thought of adding small pieces of paneer or tofu to the noodles?
Also, love you recipes!ðŸ˜Š

  7. **nI** 01/15/2020 at 5:13 am \- Reply

hi! do you use low sodium soy sauce or just regular?

  8. **Maneet** 02/12/2020 at 4:36 pm \- Reply

Hi. I donâ€™t normally get those noodles. Can you please tell me how many ounces
dried noodles are there in a pack?

  9. **Nandini** 03/29/2020 at 2:32 am \- Reply

Hey shouldnâ€™t we add salt while we add all the veggies. It is not mentioned
anywhere in the recipe. I added a little bit doubting whether it would be too
salty.  
Its an amazing recipe and will let you know how it turns out ðŸ˜Š

  10. **Nina** 04/26/2020 at 7:54 am \- Reply

Hey Palak! How many ounces of noodles are you using? I'm making this recipe
with a pack of lo mein noodles that's 14 oz. I looked up the Ching's noodle
package and it says that it's 21 oz. but I'm not sure if you're using that
same size package or if Ching's noodles come in different size packs.

### Leave A Comment Cancel reply

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Recipe Rating

Î”

Surprise Me! __

Search for:

#### HEY THERE, Iâ€™M PALAK!

Welcome to this itty bitty corner of my world! My name is Palak and I have,
over the span of many years, fell into a romantic love affair with food.
Eating it, reading about it, creating it, and of course, TALKING about it.
Here on The Chutney Life, you'll find recipes inspired by the delicious
flavors of my momâ€™s home cooking, with a twist of my own. Thanks for visiting
and can't wait to keep sharing my story with you all!

#### Recent Posts

  * Roasted Sweet Potatoes with Greek Yogurt, Craisins & Honey
  * Dinnertime Made Easy with Taco Night from ALDI!
  * Keeping it real with Ritual
  * Paneer Masala
  * Spicy Bean Tostadas with Chipotle & Scallion Slaw
  * Crispy Sooji Dhokla
  * Roasted Cauliflower and Kale Salad
  * My (ideal) Morning Routine
  * Instant Pot BBQ Chicken
  * My Science Smoothie: Brassica Bromelain B-Vitamin Beverage

COPYRIGHT 2020 THE CHUTNEY LIFE | SITE CREDITS | BC DESIGNS

FacebookInstagramPinterest

Go to Top

