https://www.spiceupthecurry.com/hakka-noodles-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Spice Up The Curry

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * By Category
    * By Ingredients
    * Festivals
    * Collections
  * Subscribe
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Cuisine » Indo-Chinese

# Hakka noodles recipe

Published: Jan 11, 2017 · Last Modified: Apr 14, 2020 by Kanan Patel / Leave a
Comment

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

**Veg Hakka noodles recipe** is the most popular noodles recipe that is served
in almost all indo chinese restaurants or stalls. You can replicate the dish
at home very easily.

**For making hakka noodles to the perfection, you need to saute or toss the
vegetables on medium to high heat.** Also veggies should stay crunchy and
slightly raw. For that cook them for only few minutes not longer.

What kind of vegetables to use is up to you. You can add what you like. Here I
have used capsicum, cabbage, carrot, beans and onion. You can add mushrooms,
baby corn, colored bell pepper etc.

**The color of the noodles depends on the what kind and brand of the chilli
sauce you are using.**

Making any indian chinese dish is easy. But the prep work like chopping the
veggies and measuring the sauces, boiling the noodles takes most of your time.
Once you have that ready, this hakka noodles will be ready in just 10 minutes.

**Serve this noodles withveg manchurian to get the best taste out of it.**
This combination is just fantastic.

## How to make veg hakka noodles?

1) Check out this link for how to boil the non sticky noodles. In short, bring
the 4-5 cups of water to a rolling boil. Add noodles in that and cook as per
package instruction of till just cooked, not mushy.

2) Drain all the water, run through the cold water to stop the cooking
process. Then add little bit of oil and toss the noodles. Keep it aside.

3) Prepare all the veggies.

4) Heat the sesame oil in a pan or wok on medium-high heat. Once hot add
ginger, garlic and celery. Saute for few seconds or till the raw smell of
ginger garlic goes away.

5) Now add all the vegetables (capsicum, carrot, cabbage, green beans, spring
onion whites).

6) Mix and cook on HIGH heat for 2-3 minutes. Toss in between.

7) The vegetables should be still crunchy and little raw, not cooked all the
way through.

8) Now lower the heat and add soy sauce.

9) Also add chilli sauce.

10) Mix well.

11) Add salt, pepper and red chili flakes and mix.

12) Add noodles and spring onion greens. Again crank the heat to high.

13) Toss the noodles and cook for 1-2 minutes.

14) Lastly add vinegar and again toss well.

_**Serving suggestion**_ : serve hakka noodles with indo chinese gravy dishes
like veg manchurian, gobi manchurian gravy or chilli paneer gravy.

**Check out more noodles recipes**  
Schezwan noodles // Chilli garlic noodles // Veg chow mein

Step by Step Photos AboveWant to make it perfect first time? Don't forget to
check out Step-by-Step photo instructions and helpful Tips & Tricks !!

Print Pin

## Veg Hakka Noodles Recipe

5 from 1 vote

Tried this recipe? Leave a comment and/or give ★ ratings

Popular Indian Chinese restaurant style dish made at home very easily. Serve
with veg manchurian to get the best taste.

Author: Kanan

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Calories: 448kcal

Servings 2 servings

Prep Time 15 minutes

Cook Time 15 minutes

Total Time 30 minutes

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml) See details

### Ingredients  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 150 grams Noodles Hakka style
  * ▢ 4-5 cups Water
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Sesame oil
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Ginger finely chopped
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Garlic finely chopped
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Celery finely chopped
  * ▢ ½ cup Capsicum (Green bell pepper) julienned
  * ▢ ½ cup Carrot julienned
  * ▢ ½ cup Cabbage shredded
  * ▢ ¼ cup Green beans (French beans) cut into thin strips diagonally
  * ▢ ½ cup Spring onion (green onion or scallion) White part cut into thin strips diagonally
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Chilli sauce
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Black pepper powder or to taste
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Red chilli flakes or to taste
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Spring onion (green onion or scallion) Green stalk, chopped
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon White distilled vinegar

### Instructions

#### Boiling the noodles:

  * Bring the 4-5 cups of water to a rolling boil.

  * Once it starts boiling, add noodles in that and cook as per package instruction of till just cooked, not mushy. It may take around 4-5 minutes.

  * Drain all the water, run through the cold water to stop the cooking process.

  * Then add little bit of oil and toss the noodles. Keep it aside.

#### Making veg hakka noodles recipe:

  * Heat the sesame oil in a pan or wok on medium-high heat.

  * Once hot add ginger, garlic and celery. Saute for few seconds.

  * Now add all the vegetables. Mix and cook on HIGH heat for 2-3 minutes. Toss in between.

  * The vegetables should be still crunchy and little raw, not cooked all the way through.

  * Now lower the heat and add soy sauce and chilli sauce.

  * Alos add salt, pepper and red chili flakes and mix.

  * Add noodles and spring onion greens. Again crank the heat to high.

  * Toss the noodles and cook for 1-2 minutes.

  * Lastly add vinegar and again toss well.

  * Then turn off the stove.

### Nutrition

Calories: 448kcal | Carbohydrates: 70.7g | Protein: 11.2g | Fat: 13.8g |
Saturated Fat: 2g | Cholesterol: 0mg | Sodium: 1002mg | Potassium: 314mg |
Fiber: 3.9g | Sugar: 5.4g

*Nutrition information is a rough estimate for 1 serving

Did you make this recipe?Snap a pic, mention @spice.up.the.curry or tag
#spiceupthecurry. I would love to see.

« Leftover Dal Paratha Recipe

Veg manchurian dry recipe »

282 shares

  * Facebook187
  * Pinterest95
  * WhatsApp

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kanan Patel**. I share easy, delicious vegetarian recipes (mostly
Indian) and Eggless baking recipes that you can sure count on!

More about me →

### Indian Spice Box

### Top Recipes

  * Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies

  * World’s BEST Eggless Brownies

  * Punjabi Shahi Paneer (Restaurant Style)

  * Chipotle Sauce

  * Eggless Banana Muffins Recipe

  * Frankie Recipe (Bombay Veg Frankie Roll)

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Kanan
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Nutrition Disclaimer

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates. Plus get a bonus cooking tips!

### Resources

  * Conversion Chart
  * Glossary
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact

### As Featured In

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 Spice Up The Curry

