https://www.cookwithmanali.com/instant-pot-vegetarian-singapore-noodles/


Skip to content

Menu

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Contact
  * 

Signup for free Instant Pot e-book

Home » Instant Pot Recipes

# Instant Pot Vegetarian Singapore Noodles

Posted on March 10, 2020March 10, 2020 by Manali

  * DF
  * EF
  * NF
  * V

  *   *   * 

Rice vermicelli seasoned with curry powder and vegetables. The vegetarian
version of Singapore Noodles made in the Instant Pot and done in less than 30
minutes!

Jump to RecipePrint Recipe

Vegetarian Singapore Noodles made in the Instant Pot.

This dish consists of rice vermicelli seasoned with curry powder and
vegetables. Traditionally, eggs and meat are added to it but my version is
vegan!

_Disclosure: This post contains affiliate links. For more information on my
Affiliate and Advertising Policy, please clickhere._

Instant Pot is my go to way to cook noodles and pasta for months now.

It has just made the whole things so easy and I don't feel like boiling the
pasta and noodles separately anymore.

The basic rule is pretty simple, add enough water to just cover the pasta and
cook on high pressure, making sure to not over-cook.

In my experience 4 minutes for regular pasta and 6 minutes for whole wheat
pasta works well.

As far as spaghetti is concerned, again anywhere between 4 to 6 minutes on
high pressure is what works.

The timings change a bit when using rice noodles like vermicelli noodles in
this Curry Singapore Noodles recipe. They usually need less pressure cooking
time.

I made this Vegetarian Singapore Noodles in my IP few weeks back and I am
excited to share the recipe with you guys today.

## What are Singapore Noodles?

Honestly, I don't have much information either.

But from what I have read, it first started not in Singapore but rather in
China (I could be wrong about it though).

I first had them in US at PF Chang's. The one on their menu isn't vegetarian
but you can always modify the sauce etc. to make it vegetarian and that's what
we always did.

These noodles are made with thin rice noodles called vermicelli noodles. You
can find these noodles in the Asian aisle of your supermarket.

Of course, all Asian grocery stores have them or you can find them online.

The vermicelli noodles are flavored with curry powder and eggs and meat are
often added to it.

My version is vegetarian and hence loaded with vegetables.

## Vegetarian Singapore Noodles Sauce Ingredients

One of the main ingredients for these noodles is the curry powder.

It not only gives so much flavor to the noodles also imparts them a nice
yellow color.

The rest of the sauce is made of soy sauce, mirin (or you can use Chinese
Cooking Wine/Shaoxing Wine), sesame oil, brown sugar and lime juice.

## Cooking Singapore Noodles in Instant Pot

So to make sure that these noodles cook perfectly in the Instant Pot here's
what you need to follow!

_**Break the rice vermicelli into thirds before adding it to the pot**_. Do
not add the vermicelli straight from the packet to the pot. Break it down
first!

If you don't do that, the vermicelli will not fit in the pot and will
overcrowd it and hence the IP will not come to pressure.

So, use your kitchen scissors or simply break them into smaller parts using
your hands.

Second, add enough water. For this recipe, I used 6 oz vermicelli and added
1.5 cups (12 oz) water.

In case, you have an 8qt Instant Pot, you might need to add an additional 1/2
to 1 cup water.

Cook on high pressure for 2 minutes only. This time is enough for the
vermicelli to cook.

I added veggies like onion, carrots first while pressure cooking and peppers
and snow peas later once the noodles were pressure cooked so that they remain
crunchy.

Can you make this gluten-free? Yes! Just use tamari in place of regular soy
sauce and the dish will be gluten-free.

## Method

1- Before you start, break the vermicelli into small parts using a kitchen
scissor or you hands. If not, you won't be able to fit in the noodles into the
pot and the IP won't come to pressure.

I broke the noodles into thirds. Set aside.

2- In a bowl or jar, whisk together mirin, toasted sesame oil, soy sauce,
brown sugar and juice of 1 lime. Set aside.

3- Press the saute button on the Instant Pot. Once it displays hot, add 2
tablespoons of oil and then add the sliced onion, chopped garlic and chopped
ginger. Also add the dried red chilies and saute for 2 minutes.

4- Then add the carrots and stir.

5- Add the prepared sauce.

6- Add water and then the broken rice vermicelli. With a spatula press down
the noodles so that they become little moist.

7- Add curry powder and salt.

8- You can stir the noodles gently, just so that top part of the noodles
becomes little moist with water.

9- Close the lid and press the manual or pressure cook button. Cook on high
pressure for 2 minutes with the pressure valve in the sealing position.

Quick release the pressure.

10- Open the pot. Press the saute button and then add the peppers and snow
peas along with 1/3 cup (80 ml) additional water.

This extra water was needed because all the water dried up during pressure
cooking so when we add more veggies at the end and let them simmer for a bit
on saute, some more water is needed.

11- Cover the pot with a glass lid and let the veggies cook slightly on saute
mode for 2 to 3 minutes.

12- Unplug the pot, add red chili flakes and and stir in cilantro.

Serve Vegetarian Singapore Noodles warm!

The noodles really dry up as it cools down. If you want it more saucy, you can
increase the amount of water or sauce.

If you’ve tried this Instant Pot Vegetarian Singapore Noodles Recipe then
don’t forget to rate the recipe! You can also follow me on Facebook and
Instagram to see what’s latest in my kitchen!

## Instant Pot Vegetarian Singapore Noodles

Manali

Rice vermicelli seasoned with curry powder and vegetables. The vegetarian
version of Singapore Noodles made in the Instant Pot and done in less than 30
minutes!

4.34 from 3 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 25 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 3

Calories 394 kcal

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon mirin 15 ml
  * ▢ 1/2 tablespoon sesame oil 7 ml
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soy sauce or add more to taste, 15 ml
  * ▢ 1.5 teaspoon brown sugar
  * ▢ 1 lime juice of
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons oil I used avocado oil, 30 ml
  * ▢ 1 medium red onion sliced
  * ▢ 5-6 large garlic cloves chopped
  * ▢ 1 inch ginger chopped
  * ▢ 2 dried red chilies broken
  * ▢ 2 carrots sliced thin
  * ▢ 1.5 cups water 12 oz
  * ▢ 6 oz rice vermicelli broken into one-thirds
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon curry powder
  * ▢ 1/2 \+ 1/8 teaspoon  salt or to taste
  * ▢ 1/4 teaspoon black pepper optional
  * ▢ 1 medium red pepper sliced
  * ▢ 20 snow peas
  * ▢ 1/4 teaspoon red chili flakes or add more to taste
  * ▢ cilantro to garnish

### Instructions



  * Before you start, break the vermicelli into small parts. If not, you won't be able to fit in the noodles into the pot and the IP won't come to pressure.

I broke the noodles into thirds. Set aside.

  * In a bowl or jar, whisk together mirin, toasted sesame oil, soy sauce, brown sugar and juice of 1 lime. Set aside.

  * Press the saute button on the Instant Pot. Once it displays hot, add 2 tablespoons of oil and then add the sliced onion, chopped garlic and chopped ginger. Also add the dried red chilies and saute for 2 minutes.

Then add the carrots and stir.

  * Add the prepared sauce.

  * Add water and then the broken rice vermicelli. With a spatula press down the noodles so that they become little moist.

  * Add curry powder and salt. You can stir the noodles gently, just so that top part of the noodles becomes little moist with water. 

  * Close the lid and press the manual or pressure cook button. Cook on high pressure for 2 minutes with the pressure valve in the sealing position.

Quick release the pressure.

  * Open the pot. Press the saute button and then add the peppers and snow peas along with 1/3 cup (80 ml) additional water.

This extra water was needed because all the water dried up during pressure
cooking so when we add more veggies at the end and let them simmer for a bit
on saute, some more water is needed.

  * Cover the pot with a glass lid and let the veggies cook slightly on saute mode for 2 to 3 minutes. 

Unplug the pot, add red chili flakes and and stir in cilantro.

  * Serve Vegetarian Singapore Noodles warm!

#### Stove-top Instructions

  * To make this recipe on stove-top, first boil the noodles according to instructions on the package. There's no need to cut the noodles first. Then use a wok on high heat to stir fry the onion and garlic first until . Then stir-fry all the veggies, they should remain crunchy. Stir in the sauce and boiled noodles along with curry powder, salt, pepper and chili flakes. Garnish with cilantro and serve. 

### Notes

  1. Skip the red chili flakes if you don't like spicy at all. The spiciness of the dish will depend on how hot the curry powder is. If it is really hot, then by all mean skip the chili flakes. If it isn't then you may add more of the chili. 
  2. The noodles dry up as the dish cools down. If you want it saucy, you can add more water or add more of the prepared sauce. 
  3. If you have an 8qt, you might need to add an extra 1/2 to 1 cup water here while pressure cooking the noodles.

### Nutrition

Calories: 394kcalCarbohydrates: 66gProtein: 5gFat: 13gSaturated Fat: 1gSodium:
589mgPotassium: 368mgFiber: 4gSugar: 9gVitamin A: 8158IUVitamin C:
67mgCalcium: 51mgIron: 2mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @cookwithmanali or tag #cookwithmanali!

##  7 thoughts on "Instant Pot Vegetarian Singapore Noodles"

  1. **Kay** says:

November 21, 2021 at 7:19 pm

The directions were kind of chaotic and frustrating for when you just want a
fast instant pot meal. The second time I made it I made the sauce in the pot,
sauteed the veggies in the pot, then added more water and the noodles and
cooked it for 2 mins. Worked more smoothly.

Reply

    1. **Mildred Smith** says:

January 2, 2022 at 4:33 pm

Agree-- there just wasn't enough water in the IP for cooking the noodles and
I'm not sure it was on for long enough-- I also added way more than 1/3 cup in
the last saute with the peas and red peppers

Reply

  2. **Shreya** says:

July 20, 2021 at 10:05 am

  
My first dish with your recipe that was a flop ☹️ We didn’t enjoy this at all.
Do like the other recipes though.

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

July 20, 2021 at 10:29 am

Thanks for trying Shreya. Can you please tell me what didn't you like?
Singapore noodles do use curry powder and made with thin vermicelli noodles.
Were you expecting something else? Just curious.

Reply

  3. **Ashwini** says:

March 2, 2021 at 10:16 pm

Did you use the rice noodles we get it at Indian stores or else where?

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

March 2, 2021 at 10:31 pm

They are linked in the recipe but in case you missed it here it is:
https://www.amazon.com/Vietnamese-Stick-vermicelli-Three-
Ladies/dp/B00ADHM9WW/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=Vietnamese+Rice+Stick%28vermicelli%29+Three+Ladies+Brand+2lbs&qid=1614742268&sr=8-1

Reply

      1. **Ashwini** says:

March 11, 2021 at 10:35 pm

Thank you so much. Can't wait to try this recipe!

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

### Hi, I'm Manali!

Bringing you easy, delicious vegetarian & vegan recipes! Eating veggies can be
fun, you just need to get creative in the kitchen with the right set of
ingredients!

Meet Manali

  *   *   *   * 

### Signup & Free E-book

Signup and get a free copy of my e-book on 15 Easy Instant Pot Dinner Recipes

### Order My Cookbook

Whether it’s your favorite Indian takeout or the regular lentils and beans,
these 75 new recipes will show you how easy it is to cook your favorite Indian
meal in the Instant Pot.

My Cookbook

## Popular Recipes

## Kadai Paneer

## Punjabi Chole

## Aloo Gobi

## Instant Pot Brown Rice

• Contact • Press • Privacy • Advertise

© 2022 Cook With Manali

