https://www.connoisseurusveg.com/singapore-noodles/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
    * Contact
    * Photo Use Policy
  * Search

### SUBSCRIBE

Sign up for email updates and receive a free copy of my veggie burger e-book!

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Free Veggie Burger Book
  * About

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

You are here: Home / Entrees / Vegan Singapore Noodles with Tofu

LAST UPDATED: December 29, 2021 • FIRST PUBLISHED: December 29, 2021

# Vegan Singapore Noodles with Tofu

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_These vegan Singapore noodles are better than takeout and almost as easy!
Made with crispy stir-fried rice noodles in curry sauce, veggies and pan-fried
tofu, this flavorful dish might just be your new favorite weeknight dinner._

Sometimes the best things in life are the simplest! For example, Singapore
noodles. Back when I first had a taste of this dish at an Asian fusion
restaurant, I thought they were the most amazing thing I'd ever tasted. I
wondered what could possibly go into this crazy delicious dish? (This was back
in the days before Google provided all the answers.)

It wasn't until years later that I found out that the answer was so simple:
rice noodles stir-fried in soy sauce in curry powder. Seriously, that was all?
Pretty much!

Jump to:

  * What Are Singapore Noodles?
  * What You'll Need
  * How to Make Vegan Singapore Noodles
  * Leftovers & Storage
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * More Vegan Noodle Recipes
  * Vegan Singapore Noodles with Tofu

## What Are Singapore Noodles?

Well, there's a little more to it than that, but not much. Maybe a few extra,
really easy to find, spices — my vegan Singapore noodles include turmeric for
extra color and sriracha for heat. You'll usually find some aromatics, like
garlic, ginger and scallions, stir-fried veggies, and maybe a protein, like
the pan-fried tofu that's in this version.

_**Supposedly, Singapore noodles didn't actually originate in Singapore, but
it's not really clear where they did come from.**_ I always make a point of
asking when I see the dish on a restaurant menu. I've been told by some folks
that they're Chinese (just not as well known as classics like chow mein and lo
mein), and then by others that they're not and nobody knows the real origin.

Since I always see them on the menu at Asian fusion places, I simply think of
them as that — fusion cuisine.

## What You'll Need

  * **_Rice vermicelli noodles._** Look for this in the international section of your supermarket. You can substitute wider rice noodles, such as pad Thai noodles, if you can't find them.
  *  ** _Soy sauce._** Gluten-free tamari or liquid aminos can be substituted if needed.
  *  ** _Curry powder._** Use your favorite curry powder here. I like to use a mix of mild and hot curry powders, but you can use all mild if you prefer (all hot would probably make for a very spicy dish, go for it if that's your thing).
  *  ** _Turmeric._**
  *  ** _Sriracha sauce._** Leave this out if you prefer a milder version of the recipe.
  *  ** _Tofu._** Super firm tofu works best in this recipe. You can use extra firm or firm tofu instead, but you'll need to press it first.
  *  ** _Canola oil._** Feel free to use another high-heat oil such as peanut or vegetable oil if you'd like.
  *  ** _Scallions._**
  *  ** _Garlic._**
  *  ** _Fresh ginger._**
  *  ** _Bell peppers._** We're using one red and one green pepper. You can absolutely substitute your favorite stir-fry veggies, keeping in mind that softer veggies cook quicker while harder ones take a few more minutes. Broccoli, baby corn, snow peas, and napa cabbage would all work well.
  *  ** _Onion._**
  *  ** _Fresh cilantro._** Leave this out if you're not a fan.

## How to Make Vegan Singapore Noodles

**_The following is a detailed photo tutorial on how to make this dish. Scroll
all the way down if you'd like to skip right to the recipe!_**

  * _**Prep your veggies and sauce first. You'll want every ingredient to be ready to go into the skillet when you need it.**_
  *  _ **Soak your noodles in hot water — this is the best way to soften up rice noodles for stir-frying.**_ Don't boil them like you would wheat noodles! Rinse the noodles when they're done soaking and then drain them. **_Tip: Be sure to drain your noodles really well! There's nothing worse than ending up with too much water in the pan when you go to stir-fry them. I like to leave them sitting in the strainer after rinsing._**
  *  ** _Cook your tofu._** Pan-fry diced tofu in a lightly oiled skillet over medium heat. Cook the pieces for a few minutes on each side, until they're crispy and golden. Then remove them from the skillet or wok. Need more guidance on this cooking method? Check out this guide to pan-frying tofu.

  * **_Cook your aromatics._** Add some more oil to the skillet and briefly sauté minced garlic, grated ginger, and just the white parts of your scallions. Just give them a minute to heat up and begin to release they're aromas.
  *  _ **Stir-fry the vegetables.**_ Turn up the heat before adding them to the skillet. Flip them frequently so they cook evenly. It should only take a couple of minutes for the onions to soften and the peppers to become tender-crisp.

  * **_Add noodles, sauce, and cooked tofu to the skillet._** I like to use a fork or a pair of tongs to separate the noodles and get them evenly coated with sauce. Stir-fry everything until the noodles begin to dry out and crisp up where they touch the skillet.

  * Take your skillet off of the heat, and sprinkle your vegan Singapore noodles with cilantro and the green parts of your scallions. Dig in!

## Leftovers & Storage

Leftover vegetarian Singapore noodles will keep in a sealed container **_in
the fridge for about 3 days._**

## Frequently Asked Questions

**Can these veggie Singapore noodles be made gluten-free?**

Yup! Just use gluten-free tamari in place of soy sauce.

**Are rice noodles vegan?**

They are! I always recommend checking the ingredients to be on the safe side,
but I've never come across a brand that wasn't vegan.

**Are Singapore noodles spicy?**

It depends, and it's really up to the cook! If you use a mild curry powder and
omit the sriracha, these noodles will be super mild. Including sriracha and
some hot curry powder will turn up the heat.

**Is there a substitute for tofu in this recipe?**

Tempeh or seitan would work well, or just leave it out and make veggie
Singapore noodles!

## More Vegan Noodle Recipes

  * Vegan Ramen
  * Vegan Shanghai Noodles
  * Sesame Peanut Noodles
  * Teriyaki Noodles
  * Sesame Soba Noodles

_Like this recipe? If so, be sure to follow me onFacebook, Pinterest or
Instagram, or subscribe to my newsletter. And please stop back and leave me a
review and rating below if you make it!_

4.6 from 5 votes

Print

## Vegan Singapore Noodles with Tofu

These vegan Singapore noodles are better than takeout and almost as easy! Made
with crispy stir-fried rice noodles in curry sauce, veggies and pan-fried
tofu, this flavorful dish might just be your new favorite weeknight dinner.

Course Entree

Cuisine Asian

Prep Time 15 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Total Time 35 minutes

Servings 4

Calories 357 kcal

Author Alissa Saenz

### Ingredients

  * 7 ounces vermicelli rice noodles
  * 3 tablespoons soy sauce, plus more to taste
  * 1 ½ tablespoons curry powder, plus more to taste*
  * ½ teaspoon turmeric
  * 1 teaspoon sriracha sauce, plus more to taste
  * 1 (14 ounce or 400 gram) package super firm tofu, diced
  * 2 tablespoons canola oil, or high heat oil of choice
  * 4 scallions, white and green parts separated and chopped
  * 3 garlic cloves, minced
  * 1 ½ teaspoons freshly grated ginger
  * 1 red bell pepper, sliced into strips
  * 1 green bell pepper, sliced into strips
  * ½ medium onion, sliced into half rings
  * ¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro

US Customary \- Metric

### Instructions

  1. Bring a medium pot of water to a boil.

  2. Remove the pot from the heat and add the noodles. Push them down to submerge them in the water. Allow the noodles to soak until they're softened — refer to the package directions to see how long this will take.

  3. When the noodles have finished soaking, drain them into a mesh strainer then rinse them well with cold water. Let the noodles sit in the strainer to continue draining while you begin the stir-fry.

  4. Stir the soy sauce, curry powder, turmeric, and sriracha together in a small bowl.

  5. Coat the bottom of a large skillet with 1 tablespoon of oil and place it over medium heat.

  6. Once the oil is hot, add the tofu in an even layer.

  7. Cook the tofu for about 10 minutes, flipping it once or twice to achieve browning on multiple sides.

  8. Remove the tofu from the skillet and transfer it to a plate.

  9. Add the remaining tablespoon of oil to the skillet and give it a minute to heat up.

  10. Add the white parts of the scallions, garlic, and ginger to the skillet. Cook them for about 1 minute, until very fragrant.

  11. Raise the heat to high, then add the bell peppers and onions to the skillet.

  12. Stir-fry the veggies for about 2 minutes, until the onions soften and the peppers become tender-crisp and brighten in color.

  13. Add the noodles, soy sauce mixture, and cooked tofu to the skillet.

  14. Continue to stir-fry everything, distributing the noodles and sauce with a fork, until the noodles begin to dry up and crisp in spots, about 2 minutes.

  15. Remove the skillet from the heat and gently stir in the green parts of the scallions and cilantro.

  16. Taste-test the noodles and adjust the seasonings to taste, adding more soy sauce, curry powder, or sriracha if desired.

  17. Divide onto plates and serve.

### Recipe Notes

*I like to use a mix of mild and hot curry powders — about 1 tablespoon mild and ½ tablespoon hot. Use a ratio that works for your taste!

Nutrition Facts

Vegan Singapore Noodles with Tofu

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 357 Calories from Fat 106

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 11.8g **18%**

Saturated Fat 1.5g **8%**

 **Sodium** 713mg **30%**

 **Potassium** 413mg **12%**

 **Carbohydrates** 52.5g **18%**

Fiber 3.5g **14%**

Sugar 4.9g **5%**

 **Protein** 13.1g **26%**

**Calcium** 20mg **2%**

 **Iron** 24mg **133%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

« Vegan Coq au Vin

Incredibly Delicious Vegan Chili »

Sharing is caring!

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Email

#### About Alissa Saenz

Hi, I'm Alissa! I'm a former attorney turned professional food blogger. I love
creating vegan recipes with bold flavors! You can read more about me here.

I'd love to connect with you on Facebook, Instagram, or Pinterest.

### Subscribe

Subscribe for email updates and receive a free copy of my veggie burger
e-book!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Bansari Shah says

April 22, 2020 at 7:11 am

  
I love this recipe! We make it often! I've accidentally made it without the
ginger and garlic and I actually prefer it that way. The ginger and garlic
mask the flavor of the curry powder in my opinion. But both versions are
terrific! It's also very easy to adapt. We use linguine noodles and whatever
veggies we have on hand.

Reply

  2. Galen Woods says

July 11, 2020 at 9:01 pm

  
This was really tasty and easy to make. I loved the way the noodles became
yellow!

Reply

  3. Erin K says

February 25, 2021 at 4:28 pm

  
I made this last night and wanted to say how much my husband and I enjoyed it.
I doubled the sauce (we like a lot of it) and I used a ton of veggies:
broccoli, yellow pepper & mushroom. Oh, and I didn't use the sriracha because
we didn't have any and we are both wusses when it comes to spicy food lol.

THANK YOU!!

Reply

  4. L Thomas says

May 23, 2021 at 11:54 pm

I have been eating this dish since the 1980's after I was introduced to it by
a Korean friend. She said it was what her mother used to make for them after
school as a quick meal. When I first started eating this, the siracha/hot
pepper craze had not hit, so I much prefer it without the overwhelming taste
of them. The curry is heat enough.

Reply

  5. Kate says

May 18, 2022 at 7:03 pm

Singapore noodles... I'm guessing you mean Mei fun noodles. Back when China
became communist in 1949 many of the residents of the mainland fled to nearby
lands including Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore. These places have a
significant population of Chinese immigrants. Singapore has several main
languages English, Mandarin(Chinese), Maylay, and Tamil. Mei fun is translated
from Chinese (I belive Cantonese) as rice noodles. The addition of curry is
specific to the Asia pacific region.

Reply

  6. Cat says

June 27, 2022 at 8:23 pm

  
I've made Singapore noodles many times... this recipe is good minus the sauce,
way too much curry to where it overpowers all the other flavors in the dish.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Alissa!** I'm a former attorney turned professional food blogger. I
love creating vegan recipes with bold flavors!

More about me →

### Popular

  * The Best Vegan Banana Bread

  * Crispy Baked Teriyaki Tofu

  * Creamy Vegan Rice Pudding

  * Classic Lentil Soup

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up for emails and updates

### Contact

  * About
  * Contact
  * Photo Use Policy

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Learn more here.

Copyright © 2013-2022 Tofu Press LLC & Alissa Saenz

1154 shares

  * 311
  *   * 843
  * 

