https://loveandgoodstuff.com/vegan-singapore-noodles/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipes
  * Subscribe
  * About
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest

  * search...

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * All Recipes
  * Contact
  * About
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

√ó

Home \- Recipes \- Main Course

# Vegan Singapore Noodles

Mar 1, 2021 ¬∑ Modified: Apr 9, 2021 by Courtney ¬∑ This post may contain
affiliate links ¬∑ 27 Comments

36762 shares

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Vegan Singapore noodles - curry flavoured rice vermicelli noodles tossed with
stirfried cabbage, red pepper and shiitake mushrooms. This easy vegan version
of the popular take-out dish Singapore noodles is ready to eat and on the
table in under 15 minutes!

Full of flavour, 15 minutes to the table, and loved by our picky 11 year old,
these vegan Singapore noodles are a weeknight hero in your dinner repertoire.
You can eat them on their own for an easy meatless dish, or round it out with
your favourite protein for a more complete meal.

## What's so great about these noodles?

  * **15 minutes side dish or light meal** \- stirfrying the veggies and quick cooking rice noodles gets this dish on the table quickly. Try these noodles as a light meal or as a side dish.
  *  **Veggie packed** \- these noodles are packed full of healthy veggies and fibre!
  *  **Versatile** \- I've used cabbage, red peppers and mushrooms as the veggies here, but this dish is highly adaptable and you can use a mix of whatever veggies you have on hand.

## Ingredients

  * **Rice noodles** \- use thin vermicelli rice noodles for this dish. 
  * **Napa cabbage** \- if you can't find this, finely shredded green cabbage works well too.
  *  **Shiitake mushrooms** \- I love the flavour of shiitake mushrooms, but you could also use cremini here.
  *  **Red pepper** **& onion** \- any kind of pepper or onion will work.
  *  **Tamari** \- you could also use regular soy sauce.
  *  **Shaoxing wine** \- if you can't find this cooking sherry is a great alternative.
  *  **Sesame oil** \- has a flavour of its own, but can be swapped for any oil in a pinch.
  *  **Turmeric** \- adds a beautiful golden color to the noodles.
  *  **Garam masala** \- use a high quality garam masala for the best flavour.
  *  **Garlic and ginger** \- the base of every good stirfry.

## How to make vegan Singapore noodles

Prepare your rice vermicelli noodles according to the package directions.  The
noodles I used just needed to be soaked in hot water for 3 minutes.

Heat a large wok over medium-high heat and add the sesame oil.  When the oil
is hot, add the sliced onions, peppers and mushrooms to the wok along with the
turmeric, garam masala and ginger and onion. Stiry fry for about 2 minutes.

Add the cabbage and cook until it is wilted and soft - about a minute or two.

If you have substituted napa cabbage for green cabbage cook your cabbage for a
few minutes before you add the other veggies as it is much tougher than napa
cabbage and takes longer to cook

Add the Shaoxing wine (or cooking sherry), tamari, and water to the wok and
reduce the heat to low. Add the drained noodles and toss to combine
thoroughly.

I like to serve my vegan Singapore noodles garnished with chopped green onions
and cilantro.  You can also add chopped peanuts if you are looking to add some
extra texture and protein.

Are you on Pinterest? Follow me for more fresh and tasty recipe ideas.  
  
**Want to see more recipes like this??** Sign up for our newsletter to have
new recipes delivered to your inbox, follow us on Instagram, or like our
Facebook page.

## More recipes you'll love!

If you like this recipe for vegan Singapore noodles you might want to check
out some of our other awesome easy vegan recipes:

  * Curried Lentil Soup

  * Mexican Black Bean and Corn Salad

  * Moroccan Chickpea Soup

  * Tofu Tikka Masala

  * Miso breakfast oats
  * Thai red curry tofu
  * Jerk black beans tacos with mango salsa

**If you have made this recipe we‚Äôd love to see it! Tag us on Insta
@loveandgoodstuff.**  
 **Loved this? Don‚Äôt forget to rate it below!**

Print Recipe

4.68 from 25 votes

## Vegan Singapore Noodles

a vegan version of the popular take out dish Singapore noodles.  On the table
in 15 minutes, it's a perfect meal for busy nights.

Prep Time5 mins

Cook Time8 mins

Total Time13 mins

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Asian

Diet: Vegan, Vegetarian

Servings: 4

Calories: 347kcal

Author: Courtney

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

1x2x3x

### Equipment

wok

### Ingredients

  * 2 Tablespoon sesame oil
  * 1 red pepper  - sliced thinly
  * 4 cups shredded napa cabbage - or very thinly sliced green cabbage
  * 2 cups sliced shiitake mushrooms - or cremini mushrooms
  * 1‚ÅÑ2  onion  - sliced thinly
  * 1 clove garlic  - crushed
  * 1 teaspoon minced ginger
  * 4 Tablespoons tamari
  * 4 Tablespoons Shaoxing wine - or cooking sherry
  * 2.5 teaspoon garam masala
  * 1 teaspoon turmeric powder
  * 1‚ÅÑ4  cup  water - or more as needed
  * 7 ounces instant thin rice vermacelli

#### garnish

  * green onion
  * cilantro

### Instructions

  * Prepare noodles according to package directions and set aside. I used instant rice vermicelli and soaked the noodles in a bowl of warm water for 2 minutes and drained.

  * Heat a large wok to medium-high heat and add the sesame oil. While the wok heats up, prepare your vegetables.

  * Add the red pepper, mushrooms, and onion to the wok along with the garlic, ginger, garam masala and turmeric. Stir fry the vegetables for 2-3 minutes.

  * Add the napa cabbage to the wok and stir fry for another 2-3 minutes, or just until the cabbage has softened.

  * Add the Shaoxing wine (or cooking sherry), tamari, and water to the wok and reduce the heat to low. Add the drained noodles and toss to combine thoroughly.

  * Garnish with green onions and cilantro and serve with your favourite protein.

### Nutrition

Calories: 347kcalCarbohydrates: 57gProtein: 8gFat: 8gSaturated Fat: 1gSodium:
1116mgPotassium: 682mgFiber: 6gSugar: 6gVitamin A: 1173IUVitamin C:
60mgCalcium: 82mgIron: 2mg

* nutritional information is calculated by online tools and may not be 100% accurate.

Tried this recipe?Mention @loveandgoodstuff or tag #loveandgoodstuff!

¬´ Flatbread Pizza Dough

Creamy Garlic Mushroom Pasta ¬ª

### About Courtney

I'm Courtney and I love great food!

Creating delicious meals, photographing them, and sharing them with friends
and family are some of my favourite joys ‚ù§Ô∏è  
More about Love & Good Stuff

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Gloria says

January 15, 2019 at 10:55 pm

You can never go wrong with ANY kind of noodle dish. I love the sound of this.
Even a meat eater would have a hard time not devouring this for dinner any
night of the week.

Reply

  2. Cheese Curd In Paradise says

January 15, 2019 at 11:30 pm

What a beautiful meal and ready in 15 minutes! That is my kind of dinner. My
little guys love bell peppers, and this is so full of color! I can't wait to
give it a try.

Reply

  3. krissy says

January 16, 2019 at 12:07 am

such a beautiful presentation with bright vegetables. it looks delicious! i
will be adding it to my menu this week.

Reply

  4. Jacque Hastert says

January 16, 2019 at 12:15 am

This would work for everyone! I love all the combined flavors and veggies in
this delicious authentic dish.

Reply

  5. Cathy says

January 16, 2019 at 1:01 am

This dish looks delicious, inviting and simple to make! What a great dish all
by itself or as a side dish! YUM!!!

Reply

  6. Valentina says

January 16, 2019 at 1:54 am

Such beautiful, fresh and healthy ingredients! And those noodles! Oh my those
noodles! I want a bowl of this immediately!

Reply

  7. Ashley says

February 26, 2019 at 11:48 pm

This looks so tasty!!! I can't wait to try them : )

Reply

    * Courtney says

February 27, 2019 at 1:22 am

I can't wait for you to try them either!! Hope you love them as much as we do
üôÇ

Reply

  8. Mimi says

November 12, 2019 at 1:14 pm

I'll try to make it again but it did not turn out like the picture above. The
noodles were very dark brown from the soy sauce and Garam Masala. Also, it was
way too much Garam Masala for me, its all I tasted.

Reply

    * Courtney says

November 12, 2019 at 3:28 pm

Hi Mimi, the recipe calls for tamari which is lighter in colour than soy sauce
so that would definitely account for the difference in colour from the photos.
If the garam masala was too much for you, I'd suggest you try putting in half
next time. Thanks for your feedback!

Reply

  9. Magda says

May 20, 2020 at 9:23 pm

Hello, this looks Delicious!! but, what is the number of servings??

Reply

    * Courtney says

May 22, 2020 at 5:07 pm

It can serve 4 if you are using it as a main, and 6 as a side.

Reply

  10. Yatika says

October 07, 2020 at 5:47 pm

This is one the best article i have ever seen in my life you are inspiration
for youth keep continue these type of articles thank you.

Reply

  11. Alex says

March 02, 2021 at 10:21 pm

The flavours in this dish are perfectly balanced, and we love how easy it is
to prepare. We are trying to eat more meat-free meals, and this is a favourite
recipe!

Reply

  12. Carrie Robinson says

March 10, 2021 at 7:17 pm

This looks and sounds so flavorful! Can't wait to make this. üôÇ

Reply

    * Courtney says

March 10, 2021 at 7:26 pm

Thank you!

Reply

  13. Claudia Lamascolo says

March 10, 2021 at 7:22 pm

What great flavors in this and we love noodles, on my list to make soon~!

Reply

    * Courtney says

March 10, 2021 at 7:25 pm

I hope you get a chance to enjoy it!

Reply

  14. Kim Guzman says

March 10, 2021 at 7:45 pm

My love for noodles runs deep and this recipe makes me so happy. So quick and
easy and delicious. It's the perfect quick meal.

Reply

    * Courtney says

March 15, 2021 at 2:47 pm

Thank you! I'm so glad you enjoyed them.

Reply

  15. Andrea says

March 10, 2021 at 7:53 pm

You can't beat Noodles, veggies and an extremely flavorful sauce for a quick
and easy meal. This is absolutely fantastic!

Reply

    * Courtney says

March 15, 2021 at 2:47 pm

Thank you so much!

Reply

  16. Chris Collins says

March 10, 2021 at 9:23 pm

Now these are my kinda noodles! Just 13mins to make too, perfect for
tomorrow's lunch!

Reply

    * Courtney says

March 15, 2021 at 2:46 pm

They are so perfect for lunch!

Reply

  17. Patty at Spoonabilities says

March 10, 2021 at 11:37 pm

This is an amazing noodle dish and always a family pleaser! Just love the
cabbage in this recipe. It's amazing!

Reply

    * Courtney says

March 15, 2021 at 2:46 pm

Thank you so much!

Reply

  18. Katie says

October 19, 2021 at 11:56 am

Made this for company this past weekend - doubled it - absolutely delicious,
easy, company worthy. An instant 'make again' recipe. Thank you Courtney!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### About

Hi! I'm Courtney and I love sharing delicious, wholesome food with you! Thank
you for stopping by Love & Good Stuff! Read More‚Ä¶

### Subscribe to our Newsletter!

### POPULAR RECIPES

## Lentil Casserole

## Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Lemon Tahini Sauce

## Vegan Singapore Noodles

## Pasta Fagioli - Pasta and Bean Soup

## Mushroom and Spinach Risotto { Instant Pot }

## Spicy Black Bean Tofu and Eggplant

## Italian Tomato Salad (Marinated Tomato Salad)

## Vegetarian Miso Ramen

## Fattoush Salad with Chickpeas

## Homemade Falafel

## Black Bean Burrito Bowl

## Smoked Salmon Carbonara

## Footer

‚Üë back to top

### About

  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact

_As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases._

Copyright ¬© 2022 **Love & Good Stuff**

Fresh Recipes Weekly

Get our freshest recipes delivered straight to your inbox

Your information will *never* be shared or sold to a 3rd party.

