https://www.cilantroandcitronella.com/vegetable-singapore-noodles/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact
  * E-Books
  * Privacy Policy
  * English
  * Espa√±ol
  * Search

Cilantro and Citronella

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact
  * E-Books
  * Privacy Policy
  * English
  * Espa√±ol

√ó

Chinese ¬ª Vegetable Singapore Noodles

Published: Mar 25, 2016 ¬∑ Updated: Jul 31, 2019

# Vegetable Singapore Noodles

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Here‚Äôs another great 15-minute meal: vegetable Singapore noodles. Don‚Äôt let
the name fool you, they‚Äôre not from Singapore but (perhaps) Hong Kong and are
popular on Chinese-American take-out menus. These Singapore noodles are packed
with vegetables and made with rice vermicelli flavoured with curry powder and
soy sauce.

This dish has been on my list of must-dos for quite a while. I remember a few
years back seeing the most beautiful photo of vegetarian Singapore noodles on
Pinterest. For the life of me I can‚Äôt find that pin now, but it‚Äôs stuck with
me ever since (I have not forgotten you, beautiful pin, wherever you are).

A few weeks ago when I published the recipe for _rice vermicelli stir-fry_ , I
talked about the recent appearance of vermicelli rice noodles in supermarkets.
Now, finally, is my chance to recreate that beautiful dish from Pinterest with
my own version of vegetable Singapore noodles.

I live in Spain and after photographing this dish I realized that visually it
resembled paella quite a bit, surely because of the unnatural, almost
fluorescent, yellow colour. But while paella gets its colour from saffron or
sometimes cheap food colouring (I found a jar ‚Äúpaella colouring‚Äù in my
husband‚Äôs pantry, egad!), vegetable Singapore noodles get their colour from
the turmeric in the curry powder.

I prefer to mix my own curry powders in order to control the flavours and
spiciness of each mix, but you do need to have quite a well-stocked spice rack
in order to do so. If you use a commercial curry powder for this recipe, keep
in mind that they can vary greatly in terms of spiciness, so adjust the
measurements according to your preference.

Watch the video!

  

# Vegetable Singapore Noodles

_Yield:_ Serves 4

_Prep Time:_ 5 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 10 minutes

_Total Time:_ 15 minutes

These Singapore noodles are packed with vegetables and made with rice
vermicelli flavoured with curry powder and soy sauce.

Print

## Ingredients

  * 200 grams (7 oz) rice vermicelli noodles 
  * 1 cup water 
  * ¬º cup soy sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon sugar 
  * 2 tablespoons oil 
  * Half a medium onion, sliced 
  * 2 green onions, chopped, white and green separated 
  * Half a large red pepper, sliced 
  * 2 cloves of garlic, minced 
  * 2 teaspoons of minced ginger 
  * 90 grams (3 oz) peas 
  * 2 - 4 tablespoons curry powder (see notes about curry powder just above) 
  * 125 grams (4.5 oz) baby corn sliced in half from top to bottom 
  * 1 lime, in wedges 
  * Sriracha (optional) 

## Instructions

  1. Soak the noodles until al dente according to the package directions. Rinse under cold water to stop the cooking process and drain. Set aside.
  2. Mix together the water, soy sauce and sugar and set aside.
  3. Heat oil in a large pan or wok over medium-high heat. Fry the onion, white parts of the green onion, and red pepper for a couple minutes until soft, then add the garlic, ginger and peas. Continue frying for another minute or two until the garlic is fragrant and soft without burning. Add the curry powder and fry, stirring constantly, for about two minutes.
  4. Add the baby corn and prepared rice vermicelli to the pan and stir well to coat in the curry powder. Pour in the water-soy sauce mix and simmer over medium heat until the noodles have absorbed all the liquid. Taste and adjust seasonings to your preference. Remove from heat and mix through the green onion tops. Serve with lime slices and sriracha.

## Recommended Products

As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn from
qualifying purchases.

  * Get a vegan tee 

  * Vegan starter kit 

  * Cookbook 

###### Nutrition Information:

Yield: 4 Serving Size: 1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 187Total Fat: 8gSaturated Fat: 1gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 7gCholesterol: 0mgSodium: 895mgCarbohydrates: 26gFiber:
5gSugar: 5gProtein: 5g

## Did you make this recipe?

Join our Facebook group and share a photo or ask a question!

(C) Cilantro and Citronella

**Cuisine:** Chinese  / **Category:** Main dish

_This post contains affiliate links which help offset the cost of running this
blog with no additional cost to you._

  

¬´ Vegetable Shepherd's Pie

Coconut Oil Vodka Pie Crust ¬ª

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Melissa says

March 30, 2016 at 8:46 am

Sorry it didn't work for you. Do you mix your own curry powder or buy it? I
mentioned just above the recipe that you may need to adjust the measurements
if you use a store-bought curry powder because they are all so different, not
only for spiciness but also because they tend to be full of cheap fillers
which can affect the flavour. If you mix your own then be sure that the spices
are super fresh and be careful because over-toasting can result in a bitter
flavour. I'll make a note in the recipe for anyone who might have missed it.

Reply

  2. Katrina says

May 13, 2016 at 12:30 am

How do you make your curry powder mix? üôÇ

Reply

    * Melissa says

May 13, 2016 at 6:22 pm

2 tablespoons ground cumin and coriander, 1 tablespoon turmeric, 1/2 teaspoon
cayenne pepper, 1/2 teaspoons ground mustard seeds, 1/2 teaspoon ground
ginger.

Reply

      * Sheila says

August 27, 2016 at 8:29 pm

Thank you so much for providing this info. I loved your recipe - love love
cooking with curry but have never made my own mixture. Shall give this a
whirl. GREAT recipe!

Reply

        * Melissa says

August 27, 2016 at 9:09 pm

Thanks Sheila!

Reply

      * Maggie says

January 12, 2017 at 3:43 am

Is that two tbsp each of ground cumin and coriander?

Reply

        * Melissa says

January 12, 2017 at 10:15 am

Yes.

Reply

  3. DC says

May 25, 2016 at 9:29 pm

If the noodles tasted bitter then I would bet that you burnt the spices. That
isn't the recipes fault and doesn't warrant being rude.

Reply

  4. Julie Jamison says

June 01, 2016 at 1:35 am

Thanks so much for this recipe Melissa especially the heads up about the
curry. I only used 2 tbsp of curry powder and that was enough for me. I just
stopped eating meat so im so happy that i found this recipe. Very tasty!

Reply

  5. Leigh J. says

September 10, 2016 at 10:54 pm

I used jarred Curry and reduced mine to 2 Tablespoons. I did not think my
daughter could handle all 4... OMG, it was delicious!!! This is a wonderful
recipe!!!

Reply

  6. Marla Musatow says

October 02, 2016 at 12:51 am

I used 2 heaping T of curry and my family all raved about this. My husband
said it was as good as any resteraunt. Next time we are going to add an egg.

Reply

    * Melissa says

October 03, 2016 at 8:52 am

Great! Thanks Marla, glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

  7. Sue birkett says

November 22, 2016 at 8:48 pm

Made this for tea tonight, was really tasty, couldn't get baby corn so used
mangetout instead. Will make again

Reply

    * Melissa says

November 23, 2016 at 11:00 am

Great! Glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

  8. Avie3 says

November 26, 2016 at 3:27 am

WOW!! Cut the curry down to 2 tsps and added other julienned veg and some
sliced vegetarian sausages (Sanitarium) and HUGE SUCCESS. Haven't had
Singapore Noodles in one hundred years and will now make them a regular part
of our menu. Also served them cold in a lettuce leaf as part of a salad meal -
VERY nice cold as well.. THANKS HEAPS for great recipe!!

Reply

    * Melissa says

November 26, 2016 at 10:56 am

Thanks for your comment, so glad you enjoyed the recipe!

Reply

  9. rachel says

December 26, 2016 at 11:06 pm

what do you mean "soak" the noodles? boil/cook them? directions on the package
I got say you need to add them to boiling water, not just soak them.

Reply

    * Melissa says

December 27, 2016 at 7:10 pm

There are different ways to prepare rice noodles. Some packages call for
boiling, others for soaking in warm water, others for soaking in cold water.
Follow the package directions for the product that you have. You'll want the
noodles to be softened to al dente for this recipe.

Reply

  10. KT says

January 13, 2017 at 12:09 am

This recipe was lovely!! I ended up adding all 4 tbsp of store bought curry
and my 7 year old and I loved every bite! We agree that next time, we'll
garnish with fresh cilantro and add some thinly sliced carrots to the veg mix.

Reply

    * Melissa says

January 13, 2017 at 11:38 am

Great! So glad you enjoyed it. This is definitely a recipe that you can add
anything to, especially if you've got any leftover veggies in the fridge, and
cilantro is good on everything!

Reply

  11. Nic says

January 27, 2017 at 6:42 am

Hi, this could be a silly question but I'm not much of a cook! Does this
freeze well?  
Thanks üôÇ

Reply

    * Melissa says

January 27, 2017 at 1:55 pm

Well, I've never tried freezing it but I wouldn't imagine it would be a
problem. If you try it, let me know.

Reply

      * Nic says

April 04, 2017 at 5:02 am

i havent ended freezing this as we always want the left overs the next day!  
delicious recipe üôÇ

Reply

        * Alex says

May 13, 2017 at 11:48 pm

Hi, I haven't tried freezing this particular recipe with rice noodles. However
I make in bulk rice noodle dishes and freeze them and the rice noodles handle
very well being frozen.  
Being a student I cook enough for 5-6 people and freeze around 4 batches for
future days. Take out the evening before to eat in the evening after and
they're defrosted.

Reply

  12. K.C says

February 16, 2017 at 11:03 am

I made this dish last night, but added shrimp. It tasted just like take away
from a restaurant. The only thing, I didn't have the color of curry, it took
the color of the soy sauce (no biggie since the flavor was spot on. Maybe more
tumeric next time ). We like it hot in my house so I used 4 tbsp and added the
siraracha.

Reply

  13. Gina Ramirez says

February 21, 2017 at 10:56 pm

Maybe it's just me but the soy water and sugar sauce sort of made it too much
of a liquid. Maybe I didn't leave it long enough?

Reply

    * Melissa says

February 23, 2017 at 12:41 pm

I could be that you didn't leave it long enough or it could be that the rice
noodles were cooked a bit too long to begin with. Make sure that they're still
al dente so that they cook a bit more in the sauce.

Reply

  14. Jeanmarie says

February 22, 2017 at 7:52 pm

Where do you get baby corn? Is it in a can?

Reply

    * Melissa says

February 23, 2017 at 12:10 pm

Yes, I buy it in a can at the supermarket.

Reply

  15. Tally Keller says

March 19, 2017 at 2:15 am

The direction about the noodles is a little unclear. Ours turned out super
gelatinous and way over cooked/hydrated. Are you supposed to undercook them
initially? They looked perfect before adding the soy sauce mixture. After, it
was too much moisture.

Reply

    * Melissa says

March 20, 2017 at 11:57 am

I'm not sure what could have gone wrong. I cook my noodles until al dente
initially so they're still a bit firm on the inside and it doesn't take much
time to get them there. After adding the soy sauce mixture, they're perfect.
My best guess would be the brand of rice noodles you have cooks quite
differently than mine as I've never experienced the sort of overcooked texture
that you describe.

Reply

  16. tico says

July 14, 2017 at 1:24 pm

This was delicious! Better than the restaurant! Be sure your curry powder is
good quality and is fresh/in date. I added shrimp  
because I am not vegan. Will try tofu next time.

Reply

  17. Cottie says

August 01, 2017 at 6:11 am

Looks good, heading to the farmer's market to get some good stuff and make
this.  
How many servings?

Reply

    * Melissa says

August 01, 2017 at 9:47 am

It¬¥s good for 4 as long as your not super big eaters!

Reply

  18. Jane says

November 02, 2017 at 4:26 pm

I‚Äôm from Singapore and there is no such thing as Singaporean Noodles. When I
moved to the US, every Asian restaurant has a ‚ÄòSingapore Noodles‚Äô dish. It‚Äôs
just too strange for me.

Reply

    * Melissa says

November 07, 2017 at 12:29 pm

That's right, it's a Chinese dish.

Reply

      * Annie says

June 02, 2020 at 11:08 am

HI Melissa

This recipes looks look. Like Jane, I am from Singapore. There is nothing
Singapore about this dish. It's very misleading to have a heading with
'Singapore' but I believe it wasn't intentional as you mentioned too that
there is nothing Singapore about it. This link has a recipe that you might
want to explore (minus the non-vegan ingredients) https://youtu.be/Gp2nS1jiuOE

Enjoy!  
Hope you have a chance to taste Singapore noodles....

Reply

        * Melissa says

June 03, 2020 at 9:41 am

No one knows how Singapore noodles got their name but as I mentioned in the
blog post it is a dish that probably originated in Hong Kong and was then
exported to the US where it is very popular in Chinese-American restaurants.
One theory is that they named it "Singapore" in order to make the dish sound
more exotic, but no one really knows.

Reply

  19. Jennifer says

January 15, 2018 at 12:58 am

Like previous reviews this was delicious! I really enjoyed preparing this too
it was surprisingly quick.

It wasn‚Äôt however as dry or yellow coloured as the photo shows However I
actually liked the moist version. 3 tbsp of curry powder provided exactly the
right amount of spiceyness for the entire 200g vermicelli packet. . This is a
definite hit and I will try making a shrimp/prawn version next time... thank
you so much for the recipe!

Reply

  20. Chelsea says

January 19, 2018 at 10:35 pm

This recipe is amazing!! Tastes just like my favorite restaurant noodles! So
so SO good! Thanks for sharing!!

Reply

  21. Tweshi Katonyala says

July 23, 2018 at 8:49 am

OOOh my, thank you so much for this recipe. I love it. Not only is it quick to
make, its real good. I didnt have baby corn so i substituted with frozen corn.
i used chili flakes instead of sriracha.  
I thoroughly enjoyed this and let me just say it also tastes so good even
after refrigeration.

Reply

  22. Cindy says

December 18, 2018 at 12:02 am

Just made this for dinner and it was delicious, every bit as good as takeout.
My husband didn‚Äôt think he would like it when he smelled all the curry but he
really enjoyed it too. Thanks for a great recipe.

Reply

  23. Connie says

January 22, 2022 at 3:06 am

Simple and delicious! Quick and easy to make too! I use brown rice vermicelli.
So yum!  
Thank you for the recipe!!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

Search

### About Me

Hello, I'm Melissa. Welcome to my corner of the internet where I share my
favorite vegetarian and vegan recipes. _Read More..._

_This page contains affiliate links, meaning, at no additional cost to you, I
will earn a commission if you click through and make a purchase. See
disclosure policy._

### Get the 14-day meal plan!

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

Privacy Policy

## Footer

‚Üë back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Recipe Index

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact

Copyright ¬© 2021 Cilantro & Citronella

Skip to Recipe

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

  * English
  * Espa√±ol

