https://thisthatmore.blog/singapore-noodles/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Foodie's Fun
  * About Me
  * Contact Us
  * Search

menu icon

  * Home
  * Foodie's Fun
  * About Me
  * Contact Us

* ## Follow Us:

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Tumblr
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Foodie's Fun
  * About Me
  * Contact Us

* ## Follow Us:

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Tumblr
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Ã—

Home Â» Recipes Â» Foodie's Fun

# STREET-STYLE SINGAPORE NOODLES

Published: Apr 4, 2020 Â· Modified: May 19, 2022 by Gari Â· This post may
contain affiliate links. That means when you purchase anything by clicking
those links, I get a commission.

 __Tweet

 __Share 77

 __Share

 __Pin 2K

2K Shares

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

this recipe

Enjoy the simple recipe of Street-Style Singapore Noodles from the comfort of
your home. This is made by stir-frying rice noodles, curry powder, sauces, and
vegetables.

Noodles are always my quick fix for a busy day meal. Noodles can be easily
customized by adding lots of colorful vegetables, sauces of your choice and by
using different kinds of noodles like Soba Noodles, Udon Noodles, Rice
noodles, etc.

Singapore Noodles is a fusion of Chinese Noodles with Indian flavors. Adding
Curry Powder gives a nice touch to the noodles. And because of the addition of
curry powder in it, Singapore Noodles is one of my favorites.

## **INGREDIENTS FOR SINGAPORE NOODLES**

  * **Rice Noodles** : When you are going to buy Vermicelli/Rice Noodles, always pick the noodles that have rice listed as an ingredient. Always try to get the noodles that are not more than 1mm thick. Singapore Noodles are thin in size, so make sure you get the thin noodles.
  * **Curry Powder** : You can get Curry Powder from the store or can make it at home too. If you want spicy curry powder, then get Madras Curry powder. 
  * **Vegetables** : You can add any vegetable in the Singapore Noodles. Vegetables give a crunch to the recipe and make the noodles colorful too.
  * **Sauces** : You can add sauces based on your spice preference. I like to add Soy Sauce and Sriracha to the noodles. 
  * **Tofu** : I also add Tofu for protein in the noodles along with some nuts.

## **TIPS TO REMEMBER** FOR MAKING BEST SINGAPORE NOODLES

  1. Don't overcook the Rice Noodles, otherwise, the dish won't look appetizing. Rice Noodles cook pretty quickly, in around 2-4 minutes. Once water is boiled, I add noodles to boil for 3 minutes so that they are only partially cooked, not fully cooked.
  2. I like vegetables a little crunchy and I don't cook vegetables for too long. Once vegetables turn a little tender, I add sauces & noodles in the wok.
  3. Add Curry Powder at the end before serving. This will make noodles aromatic and flavors will be elevated. 
  4. This is a simple noodles recipe that doesn't need a lot of planning. And you can add any vegetables & protein in the dish.

## **CURRY POWDER**

I was a bit skeptical of using Curry Powder in noodles, as curry powder is
generally used to make curries. Not many vendors use curry powder while making
Singapore noodles. But adding the curry powder does make the difference.
Adding curry powder will make the noodles aromatic & also adds a nice flavor.

You can use store-bought curry powder. Or you can make curry powder at home.

I use my Homemade Curry Powder in the recipe. Using store-bought Curry Powder
is more convenient, but fresh homemade masala makes a big difference in the
taste. Mentioned below are the ingredients for making Curry Powder.

  * **1 tablespoon Cardamom**
  * **1 tablespoon Ground Coriander**
  * **2 teaspoon Cumin Seeds**
  * **1 teaspoon Mustard Seeds**
  * **1 teaspoon Cayenne Powder**
  * **Â½ teaspoon Ground Ginger Powder**
  * **1 teaspoon Turmeric**
  * **Â½ teaspoon Black Peppercorns**

Grind all the ingredients in the spice grinder and blend until powdered.

### OTHER RECIPES

  * **STEAMED BAO BUNS**
  * **CHILI GARLIC NOODLES**
  * **KIMCHI FRIED RICE**
  * **PINEAPPLE FRIED RICE**
  * **VEGAN THAI CURRY NOODLES**
  * **SESAME NOODLES**
  * **VIETNAMESE SPRING ROLLS**

## Singapore Noodles

Gari

Enjoy the simple recipe of Street- Style Singapore Noodles while sitting at
home. This is made by stir-frying rice noodles, curry powder, sauces, and
vegetables & is also better than a takeout one.

5 from 1 vote

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Share by Email

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 25 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 2 people

Calories 228 kcal

### Equipment

Wok

Sauce Pan

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 2 tablespoon Sesame Oil
  * 1 tablespoon Chili OIl optional
  * Salt as needed
  * Rice Noodles
  * 1 small Onion sliced
  * Â½ Bell Pepper Red + Green, finely sliced
  * 1 Carrot finely sliced
  * â…“ cup French Beans diced
  * 1-2 tablespoon Curry Powder or as per taste
  * 1-2 tablespoon Soy Sauce as needed
  * 1-2 tablespoon Rice Vinegar or regular Vinegar
  * 1 teaspoon Red Chili Paste optional
  * 2 stalks Green Onion chopped

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions



  * In a stock-pot, add 1-2 QT water for boiling. When water is boiled, add salt & 1 tablespoon of oil and add rice noodles to it. Let the noodles cook and keep stirring for 3 minutes.

(Note: Rice Noodles usually takes 2-4 minutes to cook in the boiling water).

  * Once noodles are almost cooked, strain in the colander. Run it in the cold water to stop the cooking. Once noodles are cooled down, gently separate them from each other by running your fingers through them. 

  * Add sesame oil and chili oil in the wok and turn on the heat. When the oil is hot, saute onions in the wok. When the onion starts to change color, add the rest of the vegetables.

  * Once THE vegetable starts to get tender, add all the sauces (red chili paste, soy sauce, and vinegar). Coat the vegetables with the sauces and transfer noodles in the wok. 

  * Using Tong, coat noodles with sauce & vegetables and cook on high-heat for 1-2 minutes and keep stirring. Lastly, add Curry Powder and mix with the noodles until combined properly. 

  * Garnish with some chopped Green Onions and serve immediately.

### Notes

I use my Homemade Curry Powder in the recipe, but if you use store-bought
Curry Powder, it will be more convenient. Adding fresh masala makes a big
difference in the taste. Mentioned below are the ingredients for Curry Powder.

  * **1 tablespoon Cardamom**
  * **1 tablespoon Ground Coriander**
  * **2 teaspoon Cumin Seeds**
  * **1 teaspoon Mustard Seeds**
  * **1 teaspoon Cayenne Powder**
  * **Â½ teaspoon Ground Ginger Powder**
  * **1 teaspoon Turmeric**
  * **Â½ teaspoon Black Peppercorns**

Grind all the ingredients in the spice grinder and blend until powdered.

You can add any vegetable & protein source like tofu, nuts, etc.

Don't overcook the rice noodle otherwise they will be sticky and won't look so
good.

Hope you like Singapore Noodles, please rate the recipe and leave the
feedback!

Nutrition Facts

Singapore Noodles

Serving Size



2 grams

Amount per Serving

Calories



228

Calories from Fat 198

% Daily Value*

Fat



22

g

34

%

Saturated Fat



3

g

19

%

Sodium



10992

mg

478

%

Potassium



264

mg

8

%

Carbohydrates



8

g

3

%

Fiber



3

g

13

%

Sugar



4

g

4

%

Protein



2

g

4

%

Calcium



38

mg

4

%

Vitamin C



42

mg

51

%

Vitamin A



6183

IU

124

%

Iron



2

mg

11

%

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Keyword Easy Recipe, Noodles Recipe, SIngapore Noodles, vegan, vegetarian

Tried this recipe?Mention @thisthatmoreworld or tag #thisthatmore!

For other Food Videos!Check out ThisThatMore!

__Tweet

 __Share 77

 __Share

 __Pin 2K

2K Shares

Â« TURMERIC MILK (OR GOLDEN MILK)

SPICED & ROASTED POTATOES Â»

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. JS

April 05, 2020 at 12:56 am

Would love to get an instant pot version, if possible. Thanks.

Reply

    * Monumetric

April 05, 2020 at 1:04 pm

I'm trying to ðŸ™‚

Reply

  2. Judy

April 14, 2022 at 9:09 pm

Looks delicious. I donâ€™t have a wok so is a thick frying pan suitable? Thank
you.

Reply

    * SunGari

April 16, 2022 at 6:47 pm

Yeah, it will work too.

Reply

  3. Rivka

April 18, 2022 at 4:04 pm

Would love to try this recipe out but unsure of how many grams of rice noodles
to use for the 1x recipe - can you advise?

Reply

    * SunGari

April 20, 2022 at 10:54 pm

2oz for 1 serving

Reply

  4. Martin van Hulst

May 17, 2022 at 11:20 am

Hey!

I really love this recipe, the only thing i'm wondering is why do you suggest
to put in so much salt? It gets waaaay too salty that way!  
Personally i add salt while cooking the rice noodles and while precooking the
french beans, maybe add half a teaspoon afterwards or so.. but definetly not
this much!!  
This way it still tastes delicious!!

Reply

    * Gari

May 18, 2022 at 8:36 am

I boil noodles in the salted water. Later I discard the liquid and rinse the
noodles to use in the recipe. But if you don't want to boil in the salted
water, that's fine too. I'm so glad you like the recipe & thank you for the
feedback.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Gari! Welcome to my Blog! I'm a Foodie and a Mom to my 4-year old. I
love cooking and making food for everyone and I got a lot of praise for my
food over the years. So that inspired me to start my own food blog. Here you
will find easy, quick & healthy recipes of different cuisines and mostly
Indian using modern appliances like Instant Pot, Air Fryer, etc. I hope you
will like the recipes posted on the blog as much as I do. Thank You for being
a part of ThisThatMore Family! **  
More about me â†’

### Trending Recipes

  * LOADED SWEET POTATO FRIES

  * INSTANT POT PAV BHAJI

  * INSTANT POT PALAK PANEER

  * SAMOSA RECIPE | VEGETABLE SAMOSA RECIPE

Search

Search

### Seasonal Recipes

  * HOW TO MAKE MANGO GINGER ICED TEA

  * MEDITERRANEAN PASTA SALAD

  * HOW TO MAKE VIETNAMESE SPRING ROLLS QUICKLY

  * THAI NOODLE SALAD WITH PEANUT SAUCE

### Follow Us:

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Tumblr
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Categories:

  * Everything Else
  * Foodie's Fun
    * Air-Fryer
    * BAKING
    * Breakfast
      * Eggs
      * Healthy
      * Muffins and Baking
      * One Pot Meal
    * Desset
      * Cake Recipes
      * COOKIES
      * Ice cream and popsicles
      * Pudding
      * Sweets
    * Dinner Recipes
      * Asian Recipes
      * Curry Recipes
        * Lentils & Legumes
        * Paneer Recipes
      * Indian Dry Recipes
      * Pasta
      * Rice Recipes
    * Fall/ WInter
      * Drinks/ Beverages
      * Sides
      * Soup Recipes
    * Indian Street Food
    * Mexican Recipes
    * One Pot Meal
    * Snacks
    * Spice Mix & Chutney
    * Summer/Spring Recipes
      * Drinks & Summer Coolers
      * Salad
    * Vegan
  * Moving Pictures
  * World in Words

### SUBSCRIBE FOR A CHANCE TO WIN A MONTHLY GIVEAWAY!

Subscribe Today!

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### ABOUT

  * **Privacy Policy**
  *  **About Us**
  *  **Contact**

### SUBSCRIBE

  * **Sign Up! for emails and updates**

### COOKING

  * **INSTANT POT ACCESSORIES**
  *  **INSTANT POT TIPS& TRICKS**
  *  **40+ VEGETARIAN SUMMER RECIPES**
  *  **FOODS THAT YOU CAN COOK IN AN AIR FRYER**
  *  **INSTANT POT RICE RECIPES**

As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases.

COPYRIGHT Â© 2020 THIS THAT MORE

2K Shares

 __Tweet

 __Share 77

 __Share

 __Pin 2K

