https://www.whiskaffair.com/indian-ginger-chicken-curry-recipe/


﻿

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * Meal Type
    * Salads
    * Soups
    * Appetizers
    * Main Course
    * Desserts
  * My Cookbook
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * My Cookbook

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Whisk Affair » Recipes » Dal & Curries » Chicken Curries » Ginger Chicken
Curry

Published: Dec 14, 2019 | Last Updated On: Aug 26, 2020 by Neha Mathur

# Ginger Chicken Curry

4974 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Ginger Chicken **** or Adraki Murgh is a spicy Punjabi Style Chicken Curry
with bold flavors of Ginger. It tastes delicious with Steamed Rice or any
Indian bread.

Some of the other Chicken Curry recipes I’ve posted are Methi Chicken, Dhaba
Style Chicken Curry, Bengali Doi Murgh, Badami Chicken Curry, and a
sensational Chicken Vindaloo.

Jump to:

  * About This Recipe
  * Ingredients
  * Step By Step Recipe
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Storage Suggestions
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Recipe Card

## About This Recipe

Ginger Chicken Curry, is a delicious North Indian Chicken Curry that has a
yogurt base with prominent ginger flavor.

It comes from the state of Punjab, where it is popularly named as Punjabi
Murgh Adraki. You will find this dish in many local Non-Veg restaurants and
roadside dhaba of Punjab.

When I say prominent flavor, that means we will use Ginger three times in
different stages to make this curry. Ginger definitely makes it hot, but it
tastes delicious and not at all overpowering.

Other ingredients such as yogurt, onions, etc blend in well with the extra
ginger and make it super delicious. I am sure once you make this curry at
home, this will become a regular.

So, if you want to make something different and give your usual Chicken
Curries a break, then you must give this Ginger Chicken Curry a try.

This Ginger Chicken Curry is,

  * Delicious
  * Favorite at home
  * Loaded with ginger flavor
  * Apt for your weekend dinners

## Ingredients

**Chicken** – Here, Chicken the key ingredient of this recipe is marinated and
grilled first, and then added to the yogurt ginger curry. I try to use chicken
with bones to make curries but you can use boneless too.

**Ginger** – This is the ingredient that makes this curry unique. You will
need a lot of ginger for this curry, as we will use it thrice in different
stages.

**For marination** – For marination, we will need just three ingredients –
Ginger Paste, Garlic Paste, Lemon Juice, and Salt. Keep it aside for 30
minutes, so that the chicken soaks up all the flavor well.

**Yogurt** – The base of this curry is made with yogurt. This adds a nice
creaminess to this curry and really goes well with the ginger flavor.

**Maida** – This is optional, but it helps in thickening the curry.

**Whole Spices** – For whole spices, we will cloves, black peppercorns,
cinnamon, and bay leaf.

**Spice Powders** – We will use some of the everyday spice powders like
Kashmiri Red Chilli Powder, Turmeric Powder, Garam Masala Powder, and Salt to
add in more spice and flavor.

**Oil** – Make this Chicken Curry in mustard oil for best results. If not
available, you can make this curry in ghee or any vegetable oil too.

**Other Ingredients** – Other than the above mentioned ingredients, we will
need onion, garlic, green chilli, lemon juice and ginger.

## Step By Step Recipe

**For the marinade:**

Add all the ingredients in a bowl and mix well.

Cover the bowl and keep aside for 30 minutes.

Heat a grill pan. Arrange the chicken in the grill pan and grill on high heat
until slightly browned from both the sides.

Remove the chicken from the pan and keep aside.

**For the gravy:**

Heat oil in a pan. When the oil is hot, add cloves, black peppercorns,
cinnamon and bay leaf.

Let them crackle for 5-6 seconds and then add onion. Fry till onion turns
translucent.

Add ginger and garlic and fry till onion turns golden brown.

Add green chilli and fry for a minute.

Now add chicken and fry for 3-4 minutes on high heat.

Whisk yogurt with flour and add it in the pan. Cook for 3-4 minutes on low
heat until oil starts to separate on the sides of the pan.

Add Kashmiri red chilli powder, turmeric powder, garam masala powder and salt
and ½ cup of warm water.

Add ginger and cover the pan. Cook till chicken is done. Add some more water
if required.

Add lemon juice and cook for another minute. Garnish with Ginger Juliennes and
Coriander.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**Can we use Mutton instead of Chicken?**

Yes, you can follow the same recipe and make this curry with Mutton instead.
But the cooking time will be different, as Mutton takes more time than Chicken
to cook.

**Can we reduce the amount of ginger?**

Yes, you can adjust the amount of ginger in the curry to suit your taste and
preference.

## Storage Suggestions

This Ginger Chicken Curry will last in the fridge for about 2-3 days when
stored properly in an airtight container.

This Curry is freezer friendly too.

## Serving Suggestions

This ginger chicken curry goes really well with hot Steamed Rice or Phulka.
The pungent flavour of grated ginger really comes through in this recipe. So
do give this flavourful curry a try.

**You might also like**

  * Chettinad Pepper Chicken

  * Chicken Kali Mirch (Black Pepper Chicken)

  * Chicken Hakka Noodles

  * Chicken Samosa

## Recipe Card

Loved this recipe?Click here to leave a review and give us a five star rating
★★★★★

## Ginger Chicken Recipe

Ginger Chicken **** or Adraki Murgh is a spicy Punjabi Style Chicken Curry
with bold flavors of Ginger. It tastes delicious with Steamed Rice or any
Indian bread.

4.16 from 13 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indian

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 30 minutes

Total Time: 40 minutes

Servings: 4 people

Calories: 476kcal

Author: Neha Mathur

### Ingredients

1x2x3x

#### For the marinade

  * ▢ 750 g Chicken (Curry Cut)
  * ▢ 3 teaspoon Ginger Garlic Paste
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Lemon Juice
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon Salt

#### For the gravy

  * ▢ 4 tablespoon Mustard Oil
  * ▢ 3-4 Cloves
  * ▢ 5-6 Black Peppercorns
  * ▢ 1 inch Cinnamon
  * ▢ 2 Bay Leaf
  * ▢ 2 cups Onion (Chopped)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Garlic (Minced)
  * ▢ 3 teaspoon Ginger (Grated)
  * ▢ 2 Green Chilli (Slit into half)
  * ▢ 1 cup Yogurt
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Maida
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon Kashmiri Red Chilli Powder
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Turmeric Powder
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Garam Masala Powder
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon Ginger (Finely Chopped)
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon Lemon Juice
  * ▢ Ginger Juliennes
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Coriander Leaves (Chopped)

US Customary or Metric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

#### For the marinade

  * Add all the ingredients in a bowl and mix well.

  * Cover the bowl and keep aside for 30 minutes.

  * Heat a grill pan.

  * Arrange the chicken in the grill pan and grill on high heat until slightly browned from both the sides.

  * Remove the chicken from the pan and keep aside.

#### For the gravy

  * Heat oil in a pan.

  * When the oil is hot, add cloves, black peppercorns, cinnamon and bay leaf.

  * Let them crackle for 5-6 seconds and then add onion.

  * Fry till onion turns translucent.

  * Add ginger and garlic and fry till onion turns golden brown.

  * Add green chilli and fry for a minute.

  * Now add chicken and fry for 3-4 minutes on high heat.Whisk yogurt with flour and add it in the pan.

  * Cook for 3-4 minutes on low heat until oil starts to separate on the sides of the pan.

  * Add Kashmiri red chilli powder, turmeric powder, garam masala powder and salt and ½ cup of warm water.

  * Add ginger and cover the pan.

  * Cook till chicken is done.

  * Add some more water if required.

  * Add lemon juice and cook for another minute.

  * Garnish with Ginger Juliennes and Coriander.

  * Serve hot with Rice or Phulke.

### Notes

You can use boneless chicken to make this curry as well.

### Nutrition

Calories: 476kcal | Carbohydrates: 15g | Protein: 25g | Fat: 34g | Saturated
Fat: 8g | Cholesterol: 97mg | Sodium: 1378mg | Potassium: 498mg | Fiber: 2g |
Sugar: 7g | Vitamin A: 655IU | Vitamin C: 17.9mg | Calcium: 116mg | Iron:
1.9mg

Pin this recipe for later use!I LOVE to see your creations so pin and mention
@WhiskAffair!

Sign up for regular updates?I would love to have you as part of my journey.
Click to sign up!

« Masala Baby Potato Roast

Soaking Dried Fruit for cake »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Shikha

July 05, 2018 at 10:31 am

  
This is an excellent recipe and my kids and husband simply loved it.Thank you
for sharing this perfect recipe .If I want to increase the gravy then what
ingredient I should increase ?

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

July 05, 2018 at 12:31 pm

Thnx for trying :). You can increase all the gravy ingredients in proportion
to make more gravy.

Reply

  2. tamucurry

October 29, 2019 at 11:46 pm

In the case of this recipe, should I not add tomatoes?

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

October 30, 2019 at 4:29 am

Yes, there are no tomatoes in this recipe.

Reply

      * tamucurry

October 30, 2019 at 10:04 pm

Is it possible to increase the number of onions to increase the gravy?

Reply

        * Neha Mathur

October 31, 2019 at 11:11 am

Yes sure. You can do that. But please increase the amount of oil and spices
accordingly.

Reply

          * Jeremy

May 20, 2020 at 6:34 am

Hi Neha!  
I want to make this dish but my household can’t do spicy hot. How can you make
this dish non spicy hot?

          * Neha Mathur

May 21, 2020 at 3:34 am

Hi Jeremy, just skip adding green chilli and red chilli powder and you should
be good!

### Did you make this recipe? Let me know! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey! Nice to meet you

Hi! I'm Neha, Blogger & Recipe Expert behind Whisk Affair. I've nurtured Whisk
Affair since 2012 by trying & testing every recipe published. Be sure that it
will turn out good each time! Read More about me…

### Stay Connected

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### My Cookbook

**Buy Now on Amazon**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Hibachi Fried Rice

  * Lemon Garlic Baked Tilapia

  * Creamy Garlic Parmesan Sauce

  * Lemon Tea

  * Chicken Clear Soup

  * Scrambled Egg Whites

## Footer

* * *

^ back to top

**About**

About Neha

My Cookbook

**Stay Connected**

Sign up! for emails and updates

Contact Me

**Policies**

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Accessibility Policy

Copyright © 2022 **WhiskAffair Food LLP**

