https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8935/easy-garlic-ginger-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Meat and Poultry
  4. Chicken
  5. Breast
  6. Healthy
  7. Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

# Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

Rating: 3.5 stars 3.6

125 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 35 
  * 4 star values: 45 
  * 3 star values: 24 
  * 2 star values: 11 
  * 1 star values: 10 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 125 Ratings 
  * 88 Reviews 
  * 3 Photos 

Light and flavorful!

Recipe by Susan McFadden

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

Add Photo

Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken Nicole Howell

Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken jedi8023

Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken Scotdog

## Recipe Summary

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves 
  * 3 cloves crushed garlic 
  * 3 tablespoons ground ginger 
  * 1 tablespoon olive oil 
  * 4 limes, juiced 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Pound the chicken to 1/2 inch thickness. In a large resealable plastic bag
combine the garlic, ginger, oil and lime juice. Seal bag and shake until
blended. Open bag and add chicken. Seal bag and marinate in refrigerator for
no more than 20 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Remove chicken from bag and grill or broil, basting with marinade, until
cooked through and juices run clear. Dispose of any remaining marinade.

I Made It  Print

##  Note

The nutrition data for this recipe includes information for the full amount of
the marinade ingredients. Depending on marinating time, ingredients, cooking
method, etc., the actual amount of the marinade consumed will vary.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

197 calories; protein 28.2g; carbohydrates 10.7g; fat 5.2g; cholesterol
68.4mg; sodium 79.8mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (88)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/08/2005

>>>>>CORRECTED RECIPIE<<<<< Instead of using 4 limes, use two, and instead of
using 3 cloves of garlic, use 4. Absolutely amazing and delicious - 4 limes
would DEFINETLY be too much. Also - make sure you marinade for 20 minutes, and
not a second longer.

Read More

Helpful (136)

### Most helpful critical review

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 3 stars

02/21/2001

this would have been better with a bit less ginger and maybe lemons. (a bit
too tart)

Read More

Helpful (13)

125 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 35 
  * 4 star values: 45 
  * 3 star values: 24 
  * 2 star values: 11 
  * 1 star values: 10 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/08/2005

>>>>>CORRECTED RECIPIE<<<<< Instead of using 4 limes, use two, and instead of
using 3 cloves of garlic, use 4. Absolutely amazing and delicious - 4 limes
would DEFINETLY be too much. Also - make sure you marinade for 20 minutes, and
not a second longer.

EARTHFLOWER

Rating: 5 stars

04/12/2005

I made a couple changes, and the result was as good as any chicken I've gotten
at a restarant. I omitted the lime because it just didn't sound good, and just
used sesame oil (for more asian flavor) chopped garlic, chopped ginger, and
some ground peppercorn. Very, very good. Smelled so wonderful while cooking.
Make sure to use either fresh ginger or use the chopped ginger in a jar- it
will stay fresh in the fridge for a long time.

Navy_Mommy

Rating: 4 stars

03/21/2004

This is one of the easiest and most flavorful recipes I have ever made.
Warning: if you don't like the taste of lime do not make this recipe though.
The lime taste is very strong. I usually prefer to marinade my meat over night
or longer if possible, but decided to grill chicken at the last minute. This
recipe was perfect, marinade any longer that 20 minutes and the acid from the
lime juice will start to cook the chicken.

TANYA93

Rating: 4 stars

09/27/2003

For simplicity alone this recipe gets four stars. I liked the fact that I
already had all the ingredients in my kitchen, too. I prepared the chicken on
a George Foreman Grill and it was done in five minutes. I used bottled lime
juice and olive oil gave it a nice flavor. I will use this recipe again when
I'm in a hurry. This is a nice lowfat meal. I served it with fresh green beans
and noodles. Thanks Susan!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

12/13/2003

This was very good. I took some brown sugar and sprinkled it on top and then
rubbed it in and broiled it. The sugar cut the tangyness of it.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

09/21/2002

I love marinating chicken, but usually it takes a whole day to get a good
flavor. This took only twenty minutes and it was saturated with flavor. My
boyfriend and I both loved it. I can't wait to make it for other people!

NJSS2000

Rating: 4 stars

12/31/2001

Very tangy but good.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 3 stars

02/21/2001

this would have been better with a bit less ginger and maybe lemons. (a bit
too tart)

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 1 stars

04/30/2002

Can you say, Pinesol?! Marinated for about 1/2 an hour, but waaaay too limey
and I usually like strong tastes! My advice would be dilute the lime with
water and add only 1 tbsp of ginger.

SCOTTMARCHAND09

Rating: 2 stars

11/19/2001

A bit too tangy for most palates. Easy enough but a very sharp tasting result.

E

Rating: 5 stars

12/18/2004

I used 3 medium limes and 1/2 teaspoon of ginger (not fresh) and it came out
SO GOOD. I also squeezed a little fresh lime juice over the final product.
Yummy. I will definitely make this again.

MISSJEN

Rating: 5 stars

10/24/2003

This is a terrific tasting zesty chicken that is both simple and impressive.
It is light yet full of flavor and perfect for quick meals! I have served it
several times and always receive rave reviews!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

05/20/2003

Yummy! Needs some heat though...

JayKernow

Rating: 3 stars

04/11/2011

A lovely simple concept for a quick and tasty meal, but the limes should be
replaced with lemons. Lime juice quickly turns bitter when cooking and should
only be used towards the end of cooking. Lemons you can get away with cooking
for longer. Not sure why, but I have found it to be true.

BamaHaole

Rating: 3 stars

06/16/2009

I agree with other reviewers that the amount of lime is way too much. I cut
the limes down to two but it was still overpowering (and I like lime flavor).
The chicken was much better after we salted it, but we really couldn't taste
the ginger or garlic. The recipe really needs some salt added either to the
marinade or on to the chicken just before you put it on the grill. I recommend
a flavored salt like Tony Chachere's (which also has a little kick). I might
also try adding some chile flavor next time. By the way, I don't understand
all the reviewers on here who completely changed the recipe but rated and
reviewed anyway. My review is for the recipe, as is.

Sandy Williams

Rating: 4 stars

02/19/2007

We really enjoyed this. I made this for company as a gluten-free dish. We used
one less lime as suggested and also backed off the ginger a bit and it was
still very flavorful. This is a very quick way of making a very flavorful
broiled chicken. I bet it would be even better on the grill!

Keithurbanfan

Rating: 5 stars

04/22/2012

Very good! I used two limes as i read the previous reviews and people had
suggested. I found it hard to believe that 20 mins could do the trick, but
this BBQ chicken turned out amazing and so moist! My boyfriend has a skin
infection and I googled the best foods to fight infection... garlic, ginger
and limes were on that list FYI :)

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

01/02/2003

Tastes good but smells strongle of henna!

WINGSEARCHING

Rating: 3 stars

08/14/2009

I always try to make a recipe as written the first time around. Don't. As some
of the other reviewers said. 4 limes is about 2 limes to many. It's edible,
but my family hated it, some refused to eat it. I am trying to come up with a
way to repurpose the sour chicken. I do have some extended family that would
love this so to be fair I am giving it a 3.

crystal5190

Rating: 1 stars

03/21/2007

I tried this recipe last night and it was awful! I tried what some of the
others said and added more seasoning but all around it was very bland. I've
made several recipes from this site and this one by far was the worst.

JMMOELLER

Rating: 3 stars

04/22/2005

This tasted a little too much like lime juice for me, and didn't have enough
other taste. I thought it was a good start, but that it needed more flavor.

crystal5190

Rating: 1 stars

03/21/2007

I tried this recipe last night and it was awful! I tried what some of the
others said and added more seasoning but all around it was very bland. I've
made several recipes from this site and this one by far was the worst.

alexisnitti

Rating: 3 stars

01/10/2011

The flavor is good. I made it on a grill pan. However, this chicken did not
turn out crispy. The marinade was so thick it seemed clumpy on the outside.

Jessica53214

Rating: 4 stars

07/21/2008

This is the perfect party food. It's quick and easy and you can make alot all
at once. I usually serve these up with some peanut sauce to dip in. I also add
some chopped cilantro to the marinade and a little chili powder for some zip.
I also like that I can either make them on the outdoor grill in the summer
months or throw them on the good old George Forman in the winter.

thenettiep

Rating: 5 stars

05/31/2006

This was very easy to do and it is very versatile. I added more ginger, for I
am addicted to it.

missteal

Rating: 5 stars

12/21/2010

Delicious! I make this about once every two weeks, served with rice and
steamed veggies. Changes: I use boneless/skinless chicken thighs because I
prefer dark meat. I marinade in Basque Norte sauce (a soy-sauce base with
minced garlic available in Northern California) for an hour, then sprinkle
with powdered ginger and garlic just before popping it in the oven. Easy,
quick, and a great dinner!

JAK3G

Rating: 4 stars

10/18/2008

This was great, healthy and easy! My kids and husband all liked it. I served
it with a side of rice and beans and a tossed salad. The marinade really sets
in, in a very short time. I stir fried the chicken breasts in the skillet with
olive oil.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 1 stars

09/04/2002

Horrible, WAAAAAAYYYYYYY too much ginger. This was awful and I won't even
attempt to make it again. Sounded good, wish it would have tasted good.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2000

This is a major time saver!!! Very flavorful..you can adjust the flavor by
adding more ginger or garlic. The simplicity of the recipe allows for many
enhancements using other spices!! Very versitile dish....serve with steamed
brocolli

KimBirds

Rating: 4 stars

01/04/2011

This is fantastic! The moistest chicken I've ever made, and just the right
amount of lime and ginger flavors. Thanks!

AreJayTre

Rating: 5 stars

09/11/2010

This was Fast, Simple, and Delicious! What more could you ask? I only used 3
limes, but I think makes little difference. Pounding the chicken, and getting
the marinade into the meat makes it moist.

kelcampbell

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2004

This recipe could not be easier or quicker! I used less ginger than what the
recipe called for (1 Tbsp) and found it was plenty. We grilled the chicken and
served over caesar salad and had a very quick healthy meal in no time. Do not
marinade anymore than 20 minutes as this is plenty of time!

VIVNIDHI

Rating: 3 stars

07/15/2010

Used tofu and frozen mixed veggies and far less lime juice.

rookie

Rating: 5 stars

04/28/2004

This was awesome. It was so easy and tasty. I did as another reviewer
suggested and coated it in brown sugar. It was so good just the way I made it,
that I probally would never try it without the sugar. The other tip I used was
to just put it on the George Foreman Grill. Even though it was fast and came
out great, I am cooking this for some friends over the weekend and I will
broil it this time just out of curiosity.

Amy Rosebrock

Rating: 4 stars

01/27/2010

We made this recipe last night. The only comments we had about it were "Wow,
too much lime, and not enough ginger" I highly recommend only using 2 limes 4
make this meal far to lime tasting and it over powered the other ingredients.
We will definitely make this again using only 2 limes, a little more ginger,
and another clove of garlic.

jellybeanbecky

Rating: 4 stars

12/31/2005

i used lemon instead of lime. it was still pretty good that way. but like
other reviewers, i thought that this recipe calls for too much lime. i
couldn't realy taste anything else except for the ginger. it was kind of
strong for me, but my family all liked it. i think i'll try it next time with
orange juice instead. or actual lime. make sure you use the marinade when you
cook, your chicken will be much more juicy that way.

Lore

Rating: 2 stars

03/21/2010

The flavours were not very rounded, too much acid and not enough spices.

Poppa Nepal

Rating: 3 stars

02/11/2008

Nice, simple and quite tasty. I used 2 limes and that was plenty. I added 1
orange to balance acidity/sweetness. Cut back on limes, add more ginger and
longer marinate. Overall....good recipe...thanks.

NIKKIESIMAGE

Rating: 2 stars

03/03/2012

Even with half the limes as someone suggested it was too... limey. Maybe it's
just my taste, but this wasn't as exciting as it sounded. Sorry!

Shirley on Plum Island

Rating: 4 stars

03/10/2004

I made this with fresh ginger. It was a great flavor that you have to heed the
warning of not over marinating. Will make this again and marinate for only 20
minutes as directed.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

01/22/2004

Waayy too much lime. Definitely cut back on the lime...

GRAMMABEA

Rating: 5 stars

10/15/2004

Very good. I marinated the chicken all afternoon in the oil, garlic, and
ginger mixture. Then added 1/2 the amount of lime juice plus the lime zest 20
minutes before grilling.

MRSKYLIE

Rating: 1 stars

01/04/2005

Heed the warning about this being a strong flavor. I couldn't take it. I
couldn't even finish my chicken. Way too limey and too ginger-y.

Rebecca Rocque Meyers

Rating: 2 stars

07/20/2011

I must've missed something, because this was extremely bland. Very
disappointed after reading all the good reviews.

XMASRED

Rating: 2 stars

12/13/2003

If I make this recipe again, I will leave out the lime juice. Wayyyyy too
tangy for us.

Mifflin

Rating: 4 stars

01/03/2009

Delicious! I had fresh ginger, so used only 1 Tbsp that I micro-planed. Only
had 1 lime, so used added juice from a few lemon wedges and 2 Tbsp soy sauce.
Used 4 garlic cloves. Really tasty. I served it with brown rice and spring
greens salad. I boiled the marinade for over 30 sec in the microwave and put
it on the rice and the chicken. Will definitely make it again!

JJS1

Rating: 2 stars

11/30/2004

I had high hopes... I used fresh ginger and what I thought was enough, but all
I could taste was lime. I wanted something with more garlic and ginger. Edible
though!

DRJILL2

Rating: 1 stars

01/04/2004

This recipe sounded good, so we were very disappointed when we didn't like it.

IVOIRIENNE

Rating: 4 stars

01/08/2004

This needed a little more garlic--it was overpowered by the ginger, even
though I reduced the amount of ginger by a bit. The ginger wasn't in itself
too strong, however.

blossomingcook

Rating: 5 stars

07/20/2007

This was an excellent, light recipe with lots of flavor. I ended up using 4-5
cloves of garlic, about 1.5 Tbsp. fresh ground ginger, and 2 limes. It tasted
wonderful. I may try 3 limes next time. We also poured the extra marinade on
the chicken when we broiled it--the remnants of garlic and ginger helped
maintain the flavor.

Wanda

Rating: 5 stars

03/25/2009

Excellent flavour!!! I didn't have any fresh limes so I used 1 cup of lime
juice instead. Fantastic!!! I served it with mexican rice, fried corn and red
peppers, and salsa as a relish. This one is definitely a keeper!!!

blueyes3125

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2007

Very easy to make and a universally pleasing dish! I have increased the lime
juice several times when making it to give the chicken a little more 'bite'.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

02/15/2000

Easy and good.

intellichick

Rating: 4 stars

08/18/2009

Great and easy recipe. I cut the chicken into strips and did a saute with
frozen veggies and penne pasta! Turned out perfectly.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

02/09/2000

Very tasty, I served it with rice which was a good accompaniment but would be
excellent with salad in the summer.

SHORTSANDI

Rating: 4 stars

12/13/2004

This really was easy! I increased the garlic/ginger, as other people had
recommended and the household liked it very much, but in the future, I will
probably lessen the lime juice a little.

Slushie

Rating: 3 stars

06/10/2006

OK... so I heeded all of the advice and cut down on the lime (2) and the
ginger (1 tbsp) and the poor recipe tasted like nothing. Thankful for the
cashew broccoli (yummmmmm) and steamed rice accompaniment... BUT... I may try
this again, sometime, as Susan originally posted.

ANJACKSON

Rating: 4 stars

08/15/2008

Very tasty and very quick! I only used the juice from 2 limes after reading
some other reviews and also used only 1.5 TBSPS of fresh minced ginger. Found
this gave the chicken a nice flavour, we used the chicken to make wraps with
whole grain flour tortillas. Next time I will definitely try the chicken on
its own, thanks for sharing!

RBSWAN

Rating: 5 stars

10/26/2004

Very easy! Made for a quick dinner when I had no idea what I was going to make
and had to act fast. Unlike some of the other reviewers, we liked the lime
flavor. I added a little extra ginger. Will be making this one again,
definitely.

jenny

Rating: 3 stars

01/13/2008

this recipe has good potential. just like everyone has mentioned, it was very
strong. way too much ginger-and i LOVE ginger! i think next time i try this i
will use a lot less ginger and maybe only a little lime. someone mentioned the
sesame oil and that sounds like it'd work out well.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

03/04/2006

good and tasty...i cut back on the ginger and lime...wasn't enough flavor...so
i will add more flavorin he future

RiceLover

Rating: 3 stars

10/22/2009

I didn't use as much lime as recommended but it was still a bit overpowering.
I added Worchestershire sauce and salt along with baby corn, green pepper, and
mushrooms. Maybe the green pepper was a bad choice? I will try to make this
again and follow the recipe exactly. Will not use lemon juice next time.

Kit

Rating: 5 stars

08/12/2007

I really loved the flavors, and the chiken turned out very moist. It also
worked well frozen the re-heated in the microwave.

HOLLYBOP

Rating: 3 stars

05/05/2006

The marinade was delicious. I usually love meat with fruit salsa, but this
salsa didn't do it for me. The flavors just didn't come together. I will make
the chicken again, maybe with a different salsa. The chicken was good on its
own, too.

ChicanaCoqueta

Rating: 3 stars

12/15/2016

I only gave this 3 stars because if I had used as is, I don't think it would
have been as good. I read the reviews first, which I highly recommend before
attempting a new recipe, and modified to make better (IMHO). I reduced the
lemons to 2, increased garlic to 4, used a combo of fresh and powdered ginger.
Set the timer for 20 minutes - crucial point made many times by many. I
broiled the chicken then taste tested, realized it was too bland so I added
salt and pepper to both sides (oh, and a little turmeric for color as well)
and broiled a little more. That helped a lot, next time I'll add onion to the
marinade. I think this has the makings of something yummy, but it does need a
little help. Happy cooking!

ILoveMyHusband

Rating: 1 stars

12/17/2009

Nasty

Mercedes

Rating: 4 stars

01/13/2008

Good though didn't need all the lime suggested.

opalroses

Rating: 3 stars

08/02/2008

It's good in theory, but it needs tweaking. The ginger was very overpowering,
even after I already cut it to 2T. I also added more garlic, but it could
still use a bit more. I used about 1/3 bottle of key lime juice, and that made
the marinade sufficiently lime-y without going overboard. Despite the changes,
the chicken was still very moist and tender, and it was pretty easy to clean
up.

Phyllis Jones

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2015

I used 3 lemons instead of lime, and sugared ginger, kept everything else the
same. I did slice the thick breasts so that they were thinner to begin with,
and I also pounded them a little. They were quickly broiled in my oven. My
husband and I enjoyed the flavors immensely.

KeriCooks

Rating: 2 stars

01/10/2009

The citrus flavor was over-powering. If citrus-flavored meat is not your
thing, this recipe is not for you.

LEIGHG

Rating: 3 stars

01/27/2009

I read the other reviews and used less lime juice, as posters had suggested.
This wasn't bad, but we weren't crazy about it. The flavor was quite mild.

callmeditch

Rating: 2 stars

01/15/2015

Did not like the flavor at all. Generally I like garlic & ginger, but not this
time

mockingbirdgirl

Rating: 3 stars

09/07/2008

I followed the modification below (halving lime juice, adding more garlic). I
found the result quite bland. I didn't taste any ginger at all. Still...I
think this recipe has real potential. Next time I am going to up the ginger
(use some fresh instead of or in addition to ground), up the lime juice from
the modification by a teeny bit, and do what someone else recommended, use
sesame oil.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/02/2006

My daughters love helping me make this dish and everyone loves eating it.

doobies

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2009

For a great low carb meal, I made some sauteed onions, mushrooms and bean
sprouts with soya sauce. The chicken was super moist and tasty. I was worried
that it might be too much ginger taste but it wasn't. My husband even says
it's a meal to repeat often.

workinggirl777

Rating: 4 stars

11/19/2007

I loved this tangy marinade. Great for chicken strips on my Foreman grill. I
grilled the strips and used them on a salad. Delicious!

mszpila

Rating: 3 stars

08/19/2008

Not as good as it sounded. Kids did not like at all.

Deb

Rating: 1 stars

01/03/2010

We followed other reviewers recommendations for less lime juice and used just
the juice of one lime. However we also used fresh ginger and it was WAY too
much ginger. Ginger flavor was over powering and lacking salt. Will not use
this recipe again.

Gary Walker

Rating: 4 stars

12/21/2014

Good idea! Gave me a starting place! In retrospect it's possible(and
advisable) to use less lime. I used chicken breast strips and could have used
only one lime. I used fresh ginger and used garlic powder (approx tablespoon)
with quinoa kale and steamed sweet and potato onion side.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

10/05/2007

I didn’t like it.....too much of everything. The idea of garlic, ginger, lime
and O.O. is good but not in these proportions.....Maybe with less ginger &
lime, this chicken would taste good....It didn’t even smell good when cooking
(used an indoor grill)

GOURDO

Rating: 4 stars

07/10/2014

I made this using chicken breast tenders, cooked in some olive and canola oil
in a heavy cast iron skillet, using only two limes. Added some jalapeños for a
little kick. Came out very tasty. Will make again.

Rawia

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2007

My husband and i fell in love with this recipe, it's soooooooooo
delicious..Thank you :)

APA1128

Rating: 4 stars

04/23/2006

Easy, and very tasty! Great paired with jasmine rice and sesame broccoli.

NMChef1

Rating: 4 stars

04/02/2014

I liked this a lot. I made it exactly as written, marinating the chicken for a
full 20 minutes. I actually grilled these over 4 separate nights, so I then
separated the marinade from the breasts, and used the marinade for basting.
I've had a number of weak marinade recipes, and sometimes it seems like hours
of marinating don't work, but for this recipe, the flavors were quite zippy.
"Lime" should definitely be in the title - even with so much ground ginger, I
found lime to be the prevailing flavor. The chicken grilled up nicely. Great
recipe!

dan yak

Rating: 1 stars

08/04/2016

I did not care for this recipe

LISweetSue

Rating: 5 stars

03/31/2008

I made this recipe as a stirfry. Used 1/2 as much lime juice & more garlic.
Cooked chicken & then added bok choy, bean sprouts cabbage & shredded
broccoli. Added 1 pack of lemon chicken seasoning an had fried rice on the
side. It was GREAT

TRAILHR

Rating: 5 stars

05/04/2004

Delectable! I've used this marinade on various cuts of chicken with fantastic
results. This recipe is definitely a keeper!

simplymommy

Rating: 3 stars

02/11/2004

My husband enjoyed this recipe and I'll make it again. Next time I'll use
fresh ginger instead of ground ginger.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

##  All Reviews for Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 197.1  

% Daily Value *

protein:  28.2g  57 %

carbohydrates:  10.7g  3 %

dietary fiber:  2.4g  10 %

sugars:  1.3g

fat:  5.2g  8 %

saturated fat:  1g  5 %

cholesterol:  68.4mg  23 %

vitamin a iu:  64.4IU  1 %

niacin equivalents:  19mg  146 %

vitamin b6:  0.7mg  46 %

vitamin c:  21.9mg  37 %

folate:  11.7mcg  3 %

calcium:  43.9mg  4 %

iron:  1.8mg  10 %

magnesium:  45.1mg  16 %

potassium:  432.7mg  12 %

sodium:  79.8mg  3 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  11 %

calories from fat:  47

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 88

Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

1 of 3 Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

Nicole Howell

Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

2 of 3 Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

jedi8023

Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

3 of 3 Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

Scotdog

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

