https://cookwithsan.com/restaurant-style-ginger-chicken-recipe-curry/#Serving_Suggestions


Skip to content

Cook with San

Food blog with restaurant style and mother's recipes

Toggle Navigation

  * Home
  * Recipe Index 
    * Breakfast
    * Main Course
    * Sweet Tooth
  * Restaurant Style
  * About San
  * Contact San
  * Privacy Policy
  * __

May 18, 2022

# **Ginger Chicken recipe | Restaurant style Ginger Chicken curry**

Jump to Recipe

Looking for a totally different chicken curry recipe? Then, try this exotic
**Ginger Chicken recipe**. The scrumptious gravy with a zesty ginger flavor is
a true delight for **_ginger lovers_**. You can serve it as an entrée or main
dish with steamed rice or any Indian bread.

Like most of the kids, I too did not like the taste of ginger. As I got older,
my taste for ginger, garlic, and capsicum has grown. Thanks to the Indo-
Chinese items.

My first experience to taste ginger chicken curry/gravy was at a restaurant
**Deccan Durbar restaurant** in Hyderabad. Located in heart of the city, the
restaurant is not a fine-dining kind of a place but is popular to serve
delicious dhaba food at a pocket-friendly price.

I did not taste the curry version before. When I first tried this dish, fell
in love with the gravy’s flavor profile. This is the best ginger chicken I
have ever tasted! It had the strong flavor of ginger along with a mild sweet
and sour taste.

Since then, I became a big fan of ginger chicken and visit the restaurant once
or twice a month.

Jump to

__

  * What is Ginger Chicken curry?
  * About Ginger Chicken recipe
  * Ingredients to make Ginger Chicken curry
  * How to make Restaurant style Ginger Chicken gravy
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Storage Suggestions
  * Variations
  * Recipe Card

## What is Ginger Chicken curry?

Ginger Chicken curry is an Indian chicken curry that’s made by cooking the
chicken pieces in an onion, lots of ginger, and garlic base gravy along with
spices and sauces, thus making it hot and spicy.

It originates from the Punjab state of North India. The dish is also known as
**Adraki Murgh** in Hindi (Indian language). **Adraki** means **gingery
(ginger-infused)** and **Murgh** means **chicken**.

Apart from India, ginger chicken is popular in Pakistan and Bangladesh.

## About Ginger Chicken recipe

**There are different versions of ginger chicken.**

Ginger Chicken curry/gravy.

Ginger Chicken dry/fry.

Indo-Chinese Ginger Chicken wet and dry.

The ginger chicken curry recipe is different than the Indo-Chinese style. My
ginger chicken recipe is a curry version where the onion, ginger, and garlic
are ground to paste and sauteed well in a good amount of oil until the
moisture reduces and the base gravy is thick. To this, we add the spice powder
and sauces. Cook until it blends well and makes the base gravy super
delicious. Sear the chicken pieces and simmer till they are tender and absorb
all the flavors.

**What makes this Ginger Chicken curry unique in taste is the freshly made
base gravy from scratch. The key ingredients of restaurant-style Ginger
Chicken are – onions, ginger, garlic, red chili sauce, green chili sauce,
tomato ketchup, kashmiri red chili powder, vinegar, and sugar.**

The main focus of this delectable dish is the base gravy. This recipe demands
more oil to saute the onion paste well. You can remove the excess oil after
sauteing the onion paste.

You need patience while sauteing the onion paste. I strongly recommend you put
in a couple of extra minutes to saute onion paste until it changes color.

This curry gets its Indo-Chinese touch from soy sauce, red chili sauce, green
chili sauce, and white vinegar. **Because of soy sauce, the curry has a dark
color.** The sauces in Indian curry are admittedly a little odd. But, trust me
without these ingredients, the dish is incomplete. So please try not to skip
them.

In most restaurants, red food color is added to make the dish look appealing.
To avoid food color, I use kashmiri red chili powder that is known for color
and not spice.

This ginger chicken recipe gives you a spicy curry that is what my family
members love. However, you can customize the quantity of ingredients based on
the spice level you can tolerate. You can tone down the spiciness by reducing
the quantity of ginger, red chili sauce, and green chili sauce.

**Reasons to make**

Chicken does not need marination for making Ginger Chicken.

The gingerly flavor will surely tantalize your taste buds.

A delicious medley of flavors from ginger paste and sauces.

Apt for weekend lunch or dinner, parties, dawat, get together, and special
occasions for your loved ones or guests and see the joy on their faces.

The ginger-flavored sauce will have everyone come back for seconds.

Ginger, a popular herb is known for its magical benefits – helps in digestion,
boosts the immune system, is loaded with antioxidants, and many more.

## Ingredients to make Ginger Chicken curry

**Chicken:** I have used skinless curry cut pieces that are a combination of
bone-in chicken thigh, leg piece, and breast. This dish works great with both
skinless chicken breast and chicken thighs.

**Onion:** I use onion paste for a smooth gravy texture similar to the
restaurant.

**Ginger:** The star ingredient of the dish. Use **fresh ginger only**. Apart
from ginger paste, I add finely chopped ginger which comes as a magical
ingredient and uplifts the traditional curry to the next level.

**Garlic:** Garlic along with ginger makes all meat taste better. Also, Indian
curries are incomplete without garlic. In this recipe, garlic quantity is less
but mandatory.

**Sauces:** red chili sauce, green chili sauce, soya sauce, tomato
sauce/ketchup.

**Spice powder:** Kashmiri red chili powder or paprika powder.

**Sugar:** to calm down the heat of the spices.

**Salt** to taste. As sauces have salt in them, be careful while adding salt.

**Coriander leaves** to garnish.

## How to make Restaurant style Ginger Chicken gravy

Grind onion to smooth paste and keep aside. Later grind ginger and garlic to a
smooth paste.

1, 2, and 3. Heat oil in a pan on medium flame. Add the onion paste and saute
until the color changes to light brown.

4\. Add the ginger garlic paste.

5 & 6\. Saute till the raw smell goes away. Add finely chopped ginger and
saute for a minute.

7 & 8\. Add the red chili and green chili sauce, tomato ketchup, soya sauce,
vinegar, kashmiri red chili powder. Mix well and saute for 1-2 minutes.

9 & 10\. Add the chicken pieces and mix well with the masala. Saute for 5
minutes.

11 & 12\. Add salt and mix well.

13 & 14\. Cover and simmer on low flame for 5 mins.

15\. Add hot water to the level of chicken and mix well.

16\. Next, add sugar and mix well.

17\. Cover the pan and simmer on low flame for 20 to 30 mins or till the
chicken is cooked.

18, 19, & 20\. Continue to simmer on low flame until the gravy thickens and
the oil separates.

**Restaurant-style Ginger Chicken curry** is ready.

## Serving Suggestions

To enjoy the full flavor of ginger, this ginger chicken curry pairs best with
Indian flatbreads like tandoori roti, butter naan, rumali roti, lachha
parathas, and plain parathas.

You can also serve it as a side dish with steamed rice, **basmati rice**, or
flavored rice like **jeera rice**, **bagara rice**.

Because of fusion flavors, it will even pair amazingly with **Egg Fried rice**
or **Schezwan Fried rice**.

If there is any leftover, I use the chicken pieces and ginger gravy as
stuffing to make sliders, rolls, or sandwiches for my kid.

**Sliders:** Saute the ginger chicken gravy in a pan until the gravy dries out
a bit. Slit open the burger buns and saute them in a pan with some butter. Add
ginger chicken masala, and top it with sliced onions, tomatoes, mayo, or
tomato sauce.

**Rolls:** Heat a flaky parota (paratha), roti, or flour tortillas in a pan
with some oil. Add the ginger chicken masala across the middle and garnish
with thinly sliced raw onions and coriander leaves or cilantro. Roll starting
from the side all the way. Wrap the bottom half in butter paper, tucking away
any excess paper.

**Sandwich:** Spread a layer of ginger chicken masala on one bread slice and
cover with another bread slice. Cut in triangle or square. You can also grill
or slightly roast on the tawa.

## Storage Suggestions

I usually just store leftovers in an airtight container in the fridge. As the
dish has extra oil and vinegar, it can last **5 to 7 days**. I personally
suggest consuming it within 4 days.

**Can I freeze?**

I recommend freezing the ginger base gravy. Store it in airtight containers or
freezer bags in the freezer for 1 to 2 months. Thaw in the fridge overnight.

Reheat the base gravy in a pan and add the chicken pieces. Continue with the
rest of the recipe.

## Variations

To make a dry version, do not add any extra liquid to the recipe. Let the
chicken cook in its own juices.

The ginger gravy is a **versatile base curry** , you can give it so many
twists to make a delicious variety.

**Ginger Paneer:** Add paneer pieces after the base gravy is ready. You can
add them directly to the gravy or coat (with maida and cornflour) the paneer
pieces and deep fry them before adding them to the gravy.

**Ginger Egg:** Hard boil the eggs. Make a few slits on each egg and add to
the gravy. Simmer for at least 5 minutes.

**Add Vegetables:** Add steamed or fried (coated with maida and cornflour)
baby corns, cauliflower, mushrooms, and steamed broccoli.

**Ginger Prawns:** To get rid of the prawn smell, cook them separately in a
pan before adding them to the ginger gravy.

**More Chicken recipes**

**Chicken Masala**

**Kolhapuri Chicken**

**Andhra Chicken curry**

**Chicken 65**

**Easy Chicken curry**

If you’ve tried this **restaurant-style Ginger Chicken recipe** , then don’t
forget to rate the recipe and leave a comment below! Feedback and suggestions
are highly appreciated. Also, please share the recipes with your friends and
family members.

You can also follow me on **Instagram **to see what’s latest in my kitchen!

## Recipe Card

### Ginger Chicken recipe | Restaurant style Ginger Chicken curry

Author: Santosh Allada

Ginger Chicken curry is a spicy Indian chicken curry with a prominent ginger
flavor in every bite.

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 30 mins

Total Time 40 mins

Course Curry, Side Dish

Cuisine Indian, North Indian

Servings 3 people

#### Ingredients

#### For Grinding

  * 3 medium Onion (peeled and roughly chopped)
  * 1/4 cup Ginger (peeled and roughly chopped)
  * 8-10 cloves Garlic (peeled)

#### For Ginger Chicken Curry

  * 500 gms Chicken
  * 1/4 cup Oil
  * 1/2 tbsp Red chili sauce
  * 1/2 tbsp Green chili sauce
  * 1/2-1 tbspn Soya sauce
  * 2 tbspn Tomato ketchup
  * 1 tsp Vinegar
  * 1-2 tbsp Kashmiri red chili powder (or as per taste)
  * 1 cup Hot water
  * Salt to taste
  * Coriander leaves to garnish

#### Instructions

  * Grind onion to smooth paste and keep aside. Later grind ginger and garlic to a smooth paste.

  * Heat oil in a pan on medium flame. Add the onion paste and saute until the color changes to light brown.

  * Add the ginger garlic paste. Saute till the raw smell goes away. 

  * Add finely chopped ginger and saute for a minute.

  * Add the red chili and green chili sauce, tomato ketchup, soya sauce, vinegar, kashmiri red chili powder. Mix well and saute for 1-2 minutes.

  * Add the chicken pieces and mix well with the masala. Saute for 5 minutes.

  * Add salt and mix well. Cover and simmer on low flame for 5 mins.

  * Add hot water to the level of chicken and mix well.

  * Next, add sugar and mix well. Cover the pan and simmer on low flame for 20 to 30 mins or till the chicken is cooked.

  * Continue to simmer on low flame until the gravy thickens and the oil separates.

  *  **Restaurant-style Ginger Chicken curry** is ready.

####

Notes

Always sear the chicken on medium flame to seize the pores.

If you do not have fresh ginger, you can use readymade ginger paste.

You can replace kashmiri red chili powder with red chili powder and add
according to your taste.

Santosh Allada

 **Cook With San is all about making “Everyday Yummylicious” with easy, quick,
and restaurant-style recipes.**

Know more about me

Author: Santosh Allada

Filed Under: Main Course

* * *

**Easiest Potato kurma recipe without coconut and tomato**

**Spinach Moong Dal fry | Palakura Pesarapappu Vepudu**

* * *

###  3 thoughts on “ **Ginger Chicken recipe | Restaurant style Ginger Chicken
curry** ”

  * Pingback: Best Chicken Fry masala recipe under 30 minutes

  * Pingback: Kadai Chicken | Restaurant style Kadai Chicken recipe

  * Pingback: Street style Chili Chicken recipe | Chili Chicken Dry

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name*

Email Address*

Website

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

### About San

Hello, I’m Santosh. The cook and photographer behind Cook With San. I started
this blog so that you can make “Everyday Yummylicious” with easy, quick and
restaurant style recipes. Know more about me….

### Follow Me

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

###  Receive new recipe updates to your Inbox

Name*  

Email*  

### Categories

Categories Select Category Breakfast Main Course OPOS Restaurant Style Sweet
Tooth

  * **Instant Tiffin Sambar recipe | Easy Hotel style Tiffin Sambar without Dal**

* * *

Copyright © 2022 Kale

  * Kale by LyraThemes.com.

