https://www.marthastewart.com/339666/chicken-with-ginger


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * FOOD
  * HOLIDAYS
  * ENTERTAINING
  * HOME
  * GARDENING
  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING
  * WEDDINGS
  * SHOP
  * DIY
  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS
  * LIFE
  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Pin

Close this dialog window

## Explore Martha Stewart

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

####  7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

Kick-start your day by making habits out of these mood-boosting tips.  Read
More

    * Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

####  Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

It's one of your favorite fruits, but does it belong on the counter or in the
refrigerator?  Read More

    * This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove Pesky Growths from Your Garden

####  This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove
Pesky Growths from Your Garden

A few easy-to-find ingredients are all you need to create a powerful formula
that squashes weeds.  Read More

  * FOOD

### FOOD

See All FOOD

Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

####  Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes
    * Lunch Recipes
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Drink Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Cooking How-Tos
    * Baking
    * Menu Planning
    * Food News & Trends
    * Wine
    * Mastering the Holiday Meal
    * What's for Dinner
    * All Recipes

  * HOLIDAYS

### HOLIDAYS

See All HOLIDAYS

The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to Symbolism

####  The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to
Symbolism

Show your love of country by displaying these varieties on America's birthday.

    * Father's Day
    * Fourth of July
    * Halloween
    * Thanksgiving
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * New Year's Eve
    * Valentine's Day
    * St. Patricks Day
    * Passover
    * Easter
    * Mother's Day

  * ENTERTAINING

### ENTERTAINING

See All ENTERTAINING

How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

####  How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

Make gathering with loved ones a priority.

    * Seasonal Entertaining & Decorating
    * Baby Shower Ideas
    * Dinner Party Ideas
    * You're Invited

  * HOME

### HOME

See All HOME

We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

####  We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

We asked the experts to weigh in on this popular home design concept.

    * Home Design & Decor
    * Paint Colors & Palettes
    * DIY Home Projects
    * The Well-Kept Home

  * GARDENING

### GARDENING

See All GARDENING

A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

####  A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

Confused about when to do what to your favorite flowering shrubs? We have you
covered.

    * Container Gardening
    * Flower Gardens
    * Houseplants
    * Landscaping
    * Vegetable Gardens

  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING

### CLEANING & ORGANIZING

How to Wash Pillows

####  How to Wash Pillows

They're an essential element of a comfortable bed, so keep yours fresh and in
their best shape ever with these expert-approved tips.

    * Cleaning
    * Storage & Organization
    * Laundry & Linens

  * WEDDINGS

### WEDDINGS

See All WEDDINGS

Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

####  Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

Get the traditional rules for who pays for the wedding details.

    * Real Weddings
    * Wedding Party
    * Wedding Planning & Advice
    * Wedding Ceremony & Reception
    * Wedding Jewelry
    * Dresses & Style
    * Wedding Beauty & Wellness
    * Wedding Registry
    * Wedding Showers & Parties
    * Love & Marriage
    * Wedding Travel

  * SHOP
  * DIY

### DIY

See All DIY

How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

####  How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

Our easy melt-and-pour method saves the last bit of this home essential.

    * Dyeing
    * Holiday Crafts
    * Kids' Crafts
    * Knitting
    * Paper Crafts
    * Sewing
    * Rescue & Revamp

  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS

### BEAUTY & WELLNESS

Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

####  Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

This buzzy ingredient is a star player in many new-age hair care products.

    * Beauty
    * Health & Wellness
    * Live Well

  * LIFE

### LIFE

See All LIFE

    * Family
    * Pets
    * Travel
    * Net Worth

  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. marthastewart.com
  2. Food & Cooking
  3. Recipes
  4. Ingredients
  5. Meat & Poultry
  6. Chicken
  7. Chicken Breast Recipes
  8. Chicken with Ginger

# Chicken with Ginger

Rating: 3.47 stars

131 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 18 
  * 4 star values: 53 
  * 3 star values: 40 
  * 2 star values: 12 
  * 1 star values: 8 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review

  * 131 Ratings 
  * 30 Reviews 

You can also serve this Asian dish over Chinese noodles or steamed rice.

Everyday Food, October 2003

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Chicken with Ginger

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

total:

40 mins

Servings:

4

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 three-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and cut into 1/8-inch-thick matchsticks (1/2 cup) 
  * 2 tablespoons canola oil 
  * 1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks 
  * 1 large onion, thinly sliced 
  * 2 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 1/4 cup soy sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons white vinegar 
  * 2 tablespoons sugar 
  * 1/2 cup sliced scallions 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Soak ginger in cold water 10 minutes; drain.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat oil in a skillet over high heat; brown chicken in two batches, 6 to 8
minutes. Set aside.

  * Step 3

In same skillet over medium heat, cook ginger, onion, and garlic, stirring
until browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Add soy sauce, vinegar, and sugar; cook over
high heat until thick, 3 to 4 minutes. Add chicken; stir to warm. Remove from
heat; stir in scallions.

Advertisement

##  Reviews (30)

Add Rating & Review

131 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 18 
  * 4 star values: 53 
  * 3 star values: 40 
  * 2 star values: 12 
  * 1 star values: 8 

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: 5 stars

03/11/2019

Loved this recipe. I made it almost as written, except I used half the sugar
and added a tablespoon of Mirin (sweetened rice wine.). I served it over
cauliflower rice and chopped sauteed book choy. My husband and I loved it!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: 4 stars

01/31/2018

Pretty good recipe. First time I made it almost as is - didn't add sugar,
possibly didn't add vinegar & used less soy sauce, but added a bit of Trader
Joe's Sesame Soy Ginger Vinaigrette at the end. It was good, but barely any
sauce.The second time I used more garlic - about 5 cloves, I probably used
less ginger, but in addition to making it into matchsticks I also grated some
of it on a micro plane. After sauteing onion, garlic & ginger, I deglazed the
pan with some sake. Again, I used less soy sauce and added a whole bunch of
vegetables simply because I had a little bit of each left over that needed to
be used up - celery, mushrooms, fresh baby spinach, zucchini, sauteed some of
the scallions, chicken broth to make more sauce, did not add any sugar or
vinegar, but added that Sesame Soy Ginger Vinaigrette at the end. It was
really tasty & chock full of veggies.Wish I had some bean sprouts to add.
Basically, you can make almost as is for a quick meal, but I would definitely
be adding broth to make more sauce or you can add a bunch of veggies to make
it healthier & more filling. Really whichever veggies you like would work. I
really liked the ones I added & will try to have them on hand next time I make
this dish. Asparagus should work well in it, broccoli, etc.

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

03/17/2016

Just made this for dinner tonight. Was very good, easy and approved by all.

Advertisement

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

04/28/2015

Definitely double the sauce. I added carrots and it added a really nice
sweetness and worked with the ginger very nicely. Will defnitely add MORE
broccoli and carrots so I can fill up without the starches .

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

11/26/2012

Great recipe. I added fried zucchini at the end and it was delicious. I liked
the other reviewer's idea to add broccoli, and maybe carrots too. I'm
definitely making this again.

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

02/05/2012

This is great. The sauce has an excellent, sweet flavor. I doubled it, too. I
also added broccoli, which was a nice touch.

Advertisement

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

07/28/2011

This is a great, easy recipe. Served mine over brown rice. Must be a fan of
ginger though!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

07/06/2011

Quick and easy, super recipe, very tasty and all the ingredients where in my
fridge and pantry. Served over steamed rice and a vegetable made for a
wonderful meal. Done in 30 minutes, will prepared this recipe again and again,
My family called this recipe a "KEEPER", Thanks Martha...

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

03/20/2011

Delicious!!! I doubled the sauce as recommended by other posts, tossed in
noodles and steamed broccoli once everything was ready, made for a great well-
balanced meal! I was tempted to use agave syrup rather than sugar, but decided
to stick to the recipe, think I'll try it next time.

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

10/15/2010

Fairly easy and very yummy recipe. I reduced the sugar in the sauce to 1
teaspoon, but that's my taste. Definitely recommend this recipe, especially if
you like ginger!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

05/01/2010

Wonderful!! I was worried there might be to much onion in this dish but if
they are cooked per the recipe, for 8 to 10 minutes, the onions get brown and
sweet. I also sprinkled a little corn starch near the end to thicken the
delicious sauce. Tip: I keep fresh, whole ginger in the freezer and it keeps
forever and is always available. This one's a keeper!!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

10/17/2009

Very good recipe, will make again. Served chicken over steamed rice and it was
very tasty.

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

04/29/2009

I tried this recipe in efforts to make lighter recipes, and already we have
had it twice! My husband and I love it and it is SO easy. He even told me that
it doesn't even taste "healthy". The ginger required a quick trip to the
store, but otherwise it was quick and simple. It was so good, and I highly
recommend it!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

10/30/2008

great recipe, easy and very tasty, worth trying

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

10/30/2008

great recipe, easy and very tasty, worth trying

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

10/21/2008

Delicious! I doubled the sauce, as recommended, I also added 2 more tbsp of
vinegar and a bit more sugar, it was a little too salty with all the soy
sauce. Then I added a tsp of corn starch mixed with a little water to thicken
the sauce. All in all, I highly recommend this recipe whether you add some of
our suggestions or just by the original recipe!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

10/21/2008

Delicious! I doubled the sauce, as recommended, I also added 2 more tbsp of
vinegar and a bit more sugar, it was a little too salty with all the soy
sauce. Then I added a tsp of corn starch mixed with a little water to thicken
the sauce. All in all, I highly recommend this recipe whether you add some of
our suggestions or just by the original recipe!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

10/21/2008

Delicious! I doubled the sauce, as recommended, I also added 2 more tbsp of
vinegar and a bit more sugar, it was a little too salty with all the soy
sauce. Then I added a tsp of corn starch mixed with a little water to thicken
the sauce. All in all, I highly recommend this recipe whether you add some of
our suggestions or just by the original recipe!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

08/12/2008

wonderful. husband and i made it the other night. the sauce is just enough to
cover the chicken so if you plan on having rice/noodles i would def double the
sauce. recipe feeds 2-3 people.

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

07/22/2008

Great taste! As suggested, I also doubled the sauce. Thanks for the advice!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

07/22/2008

Great taste! As suggested, I also doubled the sauce. Thanks for the advice!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

06/02/2008

Yummy!!! I read everyone's comments

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

06/02/2008

Yummy!!! I read everyone's comments

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

05/29/2008

WOW! I agree with PinkAligator...it definately needs more sauce because it
tastes fantastic! This was very easy to make. I did make one adjustment due to
time. I didn't realize that the recipe called for the ginger to be soaked. I
skipped tat step, grated the ginger and threw it in. Still great!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

05/13/2008

Wonderful! In the future I will may double the sauce. I will make this again
and again.

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

04/28/2008

I was surprised by just how good such a simple recipe turned out! It totally
satisfied my craving for Chinese food, but was much healthier than take-out.
Plus, since it calls for nothing unusual, I already had all ingredients in the
pantry.

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

04/23/2008

All I can say is WOW!! This is one of the best chicken recipes of all time!
Unique and fancy enough for formal company but easy enough for a weeknight. I
added a little corn starch to the sauce to thicken it and used appple cider
vinigar because that what I had. My advice to you is TRY IT!! YOU'LL LOVE IT!!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

03/02/2008

This recipe was a winner with my family. My stepdaughter and I added some
siracha on the top for a little extra spice! YUM! I am going to double the
sauce next time so we could have extra to put over the top of our rice. I
think a nice addition to this recipe would be snap peas or broccoli.

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

02/18/2008

yummy. i used sesame oil instead of canola and subbed the chicken for cubed
tofu. very very good. it will become a regular.

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

11/05/2007

This recipe is absolutely perfect -- the only changes I made was cooking for
just a bit longer than recommended, but that will come down to your individual
stoves. I put this on top of bow tie pasta instead of rice, and it was so
delicious. Rave reviews from hubby and friends.. :)

Load More Reviews

Back to Chicken with Ginger

##  All Reviews for Chicken with Ginger

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Back to Recipe

##  Review this recipe

Chicken with Ginger

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Submit

Success!Thanks for adding your feedback.

Martha Stewart

##

## Learn More

  * Contact Us
  * Customer Service
  * Media Kit
  * Martha's Blog
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * FAQ
  * Corporate
  * International
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMartha Stewart is part of the Meredith Home Group. © Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policythis link opens in a
new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens
in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web
Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Martha Stewart. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.marthastewart.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Chicken with Ginger

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

