https://recipes.timesofindia.com/recipes/baked-vegetables-in-white-sauce/rs52568191.cms


+

Ã—

Thanks For Rating

 __

Reminder Successfully Set!

Comments (0)

Sort: NewestUpVotedOldestDiscussedDown Voted

closecomments

Your Rating:

12345

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

Submit

Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory,
and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred
against any community. **Help us delete comments** that do not follow these
guidelines **by marking them offensive**. Let's work together to keep the
conversation civil.

Add to collections

Baked Vegetables in White Sauce

Add

Save

Baked Vegetables in White Sauce

Your Rating

12345

Good0

Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Write a review (Optional)

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

SubmitSubmit

Characters Remaining: 3000

  
  
  
Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Times Food

  * Open App 

  * Hello! __

    * My Profile
    * My Times
    * Help
    * Log Out

  * Log In __

  * Home
  * Recipes _+_

    * Paneer Recipes
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Biryani Recipes
    * Potato Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Street Food
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Tandoor Recipes
    * Microwave Recipes
    * One-Pot Meals 
    * Comfort Food
    * Sunday Brunch
    * High Tea
    * Weekend Breakfasts
    * Beverages

  *  _New_ Rakhi
  * Health _+_

    * Diabetic
    * Low-Carb
    * Vegan
    * Keto
    * Gluten Free
    * Low Cholesterol
    * High Fibre 
    * Low Calorie
    * Dairy Free
    * High Protein

  * Cuisines _+_

    * Greek
    * Mexican
    * North Indian
    * Continental
    * Mughlai
    * Chinese
    * Punjabi
    * South Indian
    * Italian
    * Rajasthani
    * Jain
    * Bengali
    * Gujarati
    * American
    * Goan
    * Mediterranean
    * French
    * Satvik
    * Asian
    * Kashmiri
    * Maharashtrian
    * Fusion
    * East Indian
    * West India
    * Thai

  * Desserts _+_

    * No Bake Desserts
    * Cookies
    * Cakes
    * Birthday Cakes
    * North Indian Desserts
    * South Indian Desserts
    * Punjabi Desserts
    * Goan Desserts
    * Gujarati Desserts
    * Rajasthani Desserts
    * Bengali Desserts

  * Diet Plans _+_

    * Low Carb
    * Gluten Free
    * Keto Recipes

  * Courses _+_

    * Soups
    * Snacks
    * Salads
    * Appetizers
    * Finger Food
    * Veg Snacks
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Veg Dinners 
    * Dinners
    * Biryani
    * Paratha
    * Kebab
    * Sandwiches
    * Desserts
    * Party Snacks
    * Dips
    * Kids

  * Features _+_

    * Food News
    * Kitchen Hacks
    * Health
    * Food Facts
    * Food Trips
    * Trending

  *  __Recipe Videos
  * Boardroom Kitchen

 __

Search

Advanced Search

ADD A RECIPE

Add a Recipe

 __

 _Add Food_ Add Food Recipe _Add Drink_ Add Beverage Recipe

__

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Wondering what to cook today? Sign up to get daily ideas on meals

Wondering what to cook today? Subscribe to get daily ideas on meals

Daily Newsletter

Editor's pick on the best recipes, articles and videos.

Weekly Newsletter

You have been successfully subscribed to the Food Newsletter

SUBSCRIBE

You can always unsubscribe later

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

 __

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Wondering what to cook today? Sign up to get daily ideas on meals

Wondering what to cook today? Subscribe to get daily ideas on meals

Daily Newsletter

Editor's pick on the best recipes, articles and videos.

Weekly Newsletter

We are sad to see you go!

You have been successfully unsubscribed from the Food Newsletter

SUBSCRIBE

Click here

to Unsubscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

FoodBeverages __

  * Type __
  * Cuisines __
  * Courses& Meals __
  * Cooking Skills __
  * Cooking Time __
  * Cooking Method __
  * Dietary Restrictions __

  * Veg
  * Non veg 
  * Eggetarian 
  * Vegan 

Include

Exclude

  * North Indian 
  * South Indian 
  * Chinese 
  * Asian 
  * Italian 
  * Mughlai 
  * American 
  * Punjabi 
  * Mediterranean 
  * Mexican 
  * Gujarati 
  * Fusion 
  * Thai 
  * Sattvik 
  * Maharashtrian 
  * Rajasthani 
  * Malabar Cuisine 
  * Bengali 
  * Bihari 
  * Konkani 
  * Goan 
  * Kashmiri 
  * Vietnamese 
  * Middle Eastern 
  * Parsi 
  * French 
  * Australian 

  * Low Cal 
  * Gluten Free 
  * Diabetic 
  * Low Carb 
  * Low Cholestrol 
  * Weight loss 
  * Balanced Diet 
  * Zero Oil 
  * Low Sodium 
  * High Fiber 
  * Pregnancy 
  * Nursing 
  * High Protein 
  * Dairy Free 
  * Tree Nut Free 

  * Soups & Stews 
  * Appetizers 
  * Salads 
  * Dip 
  * Side Dishes 
  * Mains 
  * Dessert 
  * Cake 
  * Breakfast 
  * Brunch 
  * Lunch 
  * Tiffin 
  * Snacks 
  * High tea 
  * Sandwiches & Wraps 
  * Chaat 
  * Dinner 
  * Kids 

  * Baked 
  * Boiled 
  * BBQ 
  * Grilled 
  * Microwaved 
  * Tandoor 
  * No Cook 
  * Pan Fried 
  * Stir Fry 
  * Roasted 
  * Slow Cooked 
  * Deep Fried 
  * Steamed 
  * Smoked 
  * Sauteed 
  * Simmered 

  * Easy 
  * Intermediate 
  * Expert 

  * Within 30 min 
  * Within 1 hr 
  * Within 1.5 hr 
  * Within 2 hr 

  * Cocktail 
  * Non Alcoholic 

  * Base   
Alcohol

  * Category
  * By flavor   
profile

  * By flavor   
profile

  * Bitter 
  * Creamy 
  * Fruity 
  * Salty 
  * Sour 
  * Spicy 
  * Sweet 

**Liquors**

  * Beer 
  * Black Rum 
  * Brandy 
  * Bourbon Whiskey 
  * Gin 
  * Ginger Beer 
  * Irish Whiskey 
  * Malibu White Rum 
  * Port Wine 
  * Red Wine 
  * Scotch Whiskey 
  * Single Malt Whiskey 
  * Sloe Gin 
  * Tequilla 
  * Dry Vermouth 
  * Vodka 
  * White Rum 
  * Dry White Wine 

**Liqueurs**

  * Amaretto 
  * Apple Liqueur 
  * Baileys Irish Cream 
  * Bitters 
  * Cointreu 
  * Expresso Liqueur 
  * Ginger Liqueur 
  * Herbal Liqueur 
  * Kahlua 
  * Lemon Liqueur 
  * Limoncello 
  * Peach Schnapps 
  * Sweet Herbal Liqueur 
  * Triple Sec 
  * Whiskey Based Liqueur 

  * Bitter 
  * Creamy 
  * Fruity 
  * Salty 
  * Sour 
  * Spicy 
  * Sweet 

  * Coffees 
  * Juices 
  * Mocktails 
  * Shakes 
  * Smoothies 
  * Teas 

Clear AllApply Filters

  * Times Food
  * Recipes
  * Baked Vegetables in White Sauce

# Baked Vegetables in White Sauce Recipe

by TNN

Updated : Oct 2, 2020, 11:26 IST

Avg. Rating

0 Rate

Your Rating

 __Comments (2)

  * SHARE
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinit
  * Print

  * Total Time40m
  * Prep Time20 m
  * Calories101

 __Bookmark __Add To Collection

 **Do you love creamy baked vegetables? Follow this baked vegetables in white
sauce recipe with step by step instructions.  
**  
This baked vegetables in white sauce recipe is something that everyone should
try at least once. If you are always on the lookout for tasty and healthy
recipes, then this creamy baked vegetables recipe is perfect for you. Never
tried it before? Don't worry, as anyone can make it just perfect with this
super easy baked vegetables in creamy white sauce recipe. This dish is like a
Gratin but only better and trust us, you will fall in love with it. It is made
using vegetables like cauliflower, broccoli, carrots, beans and is covered in
white sauce. You can add more vegetables to it as per your palate preference.
You can either buy the white sauce from the market or make it at home. It is
further covered with grated cheese which melts in your mouth leaving a taste
that you won't ever forget. This creamy baked veggies can be served at kitty
parties, anniversaries and potlucks. It could be a unique appetiser recipe for
your next weekend brunch. Your kids will love this creamy baked veggies and
won't stop asking for more. So, go ahead and try this recipe and earn
compliments for your amazing culinary skills. Enjoy it with your loved ones.  

Read moreRead less

## Ingredients of Baked Vegetables in White Sauce

3 Servings1 Serving2 Servings3 Servings4 Servings5 Servings6 Servings7
Servings8 Servings9 Servings10 Servings11 Servings12 Servings13 Servings14
Servings15 Servings16 Servings17 Servings18 Servings19 Servings20 Servings

  * 1/2 cup chopped onion
  * 2 teaspoon grated cheese cubes
  * 2 pinches black pepper
  * 1 tablespoon melted butter

  * 1 cup White Sauce
  * 2 cup water
  * salt as required
  * 1 tablespoon minced garlic

For The Main Dish

  * 1/2 cup chopped cauliflower
  * 1/2 cup chopped broccoli
  * 1/2 cup sliced mushroom

  * 1/2 cup chopped green beans
  * 1/2 cup chopped carrot
  * 3/4 cup chopped capsicum (green pepper)

### How to make Baked Vegetables in White Sauce

  * #### Step 1 Finely chop the vegetables

To prepare this delicious recipe, wash and finely chop all the vegetables.

  * ##### Step 2 Boil the vegetables

In a large container, boil the water and add the cauliflower, broccoli,
carrot, beans to it. Boil until the veggies become tender.

  * ###### Step 3 Saute onion & add vegetables

Next, heat some oil in a pan over a medium flame and saute the chopped onion
and garlic for 2-3 minutes. Now add the sliced mushrooms and capsicum, then
add the boiled vegetables and saute them.

  * ###### Step 4 Add seasoning & white sauce

Season it with salt and black pepper. Add half of the white sauce and combine
them properly. Grease a baking tray with butter and preheat the oven at
180-degree Celsius.

  * ###### Step 5 Transfer sauteed veggies to baking tray & top with cheese

Add the sauteed vegetables to the baking tray and pour the remaining white
sauce over it. Sprinkle the grated cheese over the vegetables.

  * ###### Step 6 Bake the vegetables with white sauce!

Place the tray in the oven and bake for 10- 15 minutes until the dish turns a
little golden brown. Remove and serve baked vegetables in white sauce.

##### Tips

  1. You can use mozzarella or cheddar cheese in white sauce baked vegetables.
  2. Feel free to use any combination of veggies that you like.

Comments(2)

Rate this Recipe

12345

0

Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Write a review (Optional)

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

SubmitSubmit

  
  
  
Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

## SUBSCRIBE NOW

### Liked our recipe collection?

Subscribe to receive easy recipes in your inbox

Subscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

Related Recipe Videos

  * How to make Lasagna __

  * How to make Gobi Manchurian __

  * How to make Bread Pizza Pockets __

  * How to make Chilli Idli __

  * How to make California Sushi Roll __

  * Watch: How to make Veg Manchurian Dry __

Next Recipe

Promoted Stories

## SUBSCRIBE NOW

### Liked our recipe collection?

Subscribe to receive easy recipes in your inbox

Subscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

Similar Recipes

  * Vegetable Chowder Soup

30m

  * Namak Para Pizza

20m

  * Papdi Pizza

25m

  * Cheese Chicken Kebab

40m

Latest Recipes

  * Fried Masala Potatoes
  * Berry Ice Cream
  * Brazilian Lemonade
  * Indian Spicy Mocha

Featured Recipes

  * Rava Upma
  * Pink Sauce Pasta
  * Red Velvet Cookies
  * Indian-style Trail Mix
  * Chicken Cheese Sandwich

Popular Recipes

Mutton CurryPunjabi Mutton CurryChicken Biryani RecipeChristmas
MimosaChristmas PuddingRoasted TurkeyChristmas Stollen CakeChristmas
CakePaneer Chilli DryDark Chocolate CoffeeEggless Christmas CakeChocolate
Vanilla PuddingChicken Curry RecipeShahi Paneer RecipePav Bhaji RecipeAloo
Paratha Recipe

TIMES FOOD

FAQ's

Feedback

Authors

Terms and Conditions

Privacy Policy

About us

Contact us

Cookie Policy

Subscribe

RSS

Do Not Sell

Follow us on

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

Popular Picks

Muradabadi Chicken RecipeKeema recipeGluten Free FoodsVirgin Mojito
RecipeLemon Mint Juice RecipeKashmiri Kahwa RecipeAmla Juice RecipeLemon Grass
Juice RecipeChinese RecipesLemon Ginger Juice RecipeBlack Tea RecipeGobhi
Paratha RecipeGreek Salad recipeApple Shake RecipeGinger Tea Recipe

Popular Recipes

Kadhai Chicken RecipeAloo Paratha RecipeCold Coffee recipePuran Poli
RecipePalak Paneer RecipeRasgulla RecipeKhichdi RecipeGulab Jamun RecipeSamosa
recipeLemon Rice RecipeUpma RecipeVeg Biryani RecipeChicken 65 recipeSooji
Halwa RecipeChicken Manchurian Recipe

Recipe Videos

Aloo Paratha Recipe VideoChicken Biryani Recipe VideoPav Bhaji Recipe
VideoShahi Paneer Recipe VideoChicken Pizza Recipe VideoPaneer Biryani Recipe
VideoDiwali Cleaning TipsSamosa Recipe VideoPerfect Pasta TipsMethi Paratha
Recipe VideoGondh ke Laddoo Recipe VideoChicken Masala Recipe VideoAndhra
Mutton Roast Recipe VideoKerala Fish Recipe VideoNachos Pizza Recipe Video

Cuisines

Thai Food RecipesJain RecipesChinese RecipesAsian RecipesBengali Food
RecipesPunjabi RecipesMughlai RecipesItalian Food RecipesMexican RecipesNorth
Indian Food RecipesRajasthani RecipesSouth Indian RecipesContinental Food
RecipesSatvik Recipes

Courses & Meals

Salad RecipesDesserts & SweetsKebab RecipesParatha RecipesBiryani
RecipesDinner RecipesVeg DinnersLunch RecipesBreakfast RecipesVeg SnacksFinger
Food RecipesAppetizer RecipesSnack RecipesSoup Recipes

Healthy Meals

Diabetic RecipesLow Cholesterol RecipesCookiesDinner RecipesParatha
RecipesSalad RecipesSnack RecipesSoup RecipesParty Snacks RecipesDesserts &
SweetsSandwich RecipesKebab RecipesAppetizer RecipesVeg SnacksBreakfast
RecipesBiryani Recipes

Copyright 2022 Bennett coleman and co. ltd.All rights reserved.The Times of
India. | For reprint rights: Times syndication service

