https://bakeitwithlove.com/sweet-and-sour-prawns/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Recipes
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Subscribe
  * Search

Bake It With Love

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Subscribe

* ## Join Us!

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Subscribe

* ## Join Us!

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

√ó

Home ¬ª Recipes ¬ª Main Dish

Angela @ BakeItWithLove.com ¬∑ Leave a Comment

# Sweet and Sour Prawns

Share This Recipe!

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * LinkedIn
  * Reddit

Jump to Recipe

These **deliciously tangy Sweet and Sour Prawns** are a tasty combination of
tempura-battered wok-fried shrimp, vegetables, and pineapple coated in my
**homemade sweet and sour sauce!** It's the perfect better-than-takeout
Chinese food entree to make at home any night of the week!

Sweet and sour prawns are a tangy, sweet, and tasty combination of tempura-
battered fried shrimp and that fabulous red sauce we all know and love!

**_This easy, tasty sweet and sour shrimp entree is just what you need for
dinner!!_**

This delicious Chinese food shrimp entree is **easy to make at home** and is
ready in just over 30 minutes! The tangy **sweet and sour sauce** is the
perfect combination with tender pieces of fried shrimp, your favorite
vegetables, and pineapple chunks!

Serve this family favorite dish with steamed or fried rice, and a side of my
crispy cream cheese wontons for a **complete restaurant-style dinner**! It
tastes better than anything you'll get at a restaurant, and it's a quick and
easy meal to serve after a busy day!

Jump to:

  * ü•ò Ingredients
  * üî™ Step-By-Step Instructions
  * ü¶ê More Tasty Shrimp Recipes
  * üìã Recipe

## ü•ò Ingredients

  * 1 **Sweet And Sour Sauce** _(use mine or storebought)_
  * 1 pound **Shrimp** _(large, deveined and tails removed - thawed if frozen)_
  * 4 large **Egg Whites**
  * ‚Öî cup **Cornstarch**
  * 1 **Red Bell Pepper** _(cut into 1-inch chunks)_
  * 1 **Green Bell Pepper** _(cut into 1-inch chunks)_
  * ¬Ω medium **White Onion** _(cut into 1-inch chunks)_
  * 1 cup **Pineapple Chunks** _(approximately one 8 ounce can)_
  *  **Cooking Oil** _(for frying the shrimp)_

## üî™ Step-By-Step Instructions

### 1\. Make the Sweet and Sour Sauce

  1. Start with making my **homemade sweet and sour sauce**, a recipe that I have tweaked overtime to give the best balanced sweet and tangy sour flavor possible. Can you tell I **love my sweet and sour sauce**?!
  2. Once your sauce has simmered into the perfect thickened sauce, set it aside until you're ready to assemble the sweet and sour shrimp.

### 2\. Make the Batter

  1. Make the tempura batter, starting with whisking your four egg whites in a medium-size mixing bowl. Whisk the egg whites until they are **light and foamy** , then add ‚Öî cup cornstarch and continue to whisk until the cornstarch is fully dissolved.
  2. Your batter should be creamy and smooth when done. If you want to thin the batter out a bit, the best addition here is a drizzle of seltzer water that will make your **tempura batter light and airy**!

### 3\. Fry the Shrimp

I am using large shrimp for my sweet and sour prawns, however, both smaller
and larger shrimp will work in this recipe. Just make sure that the shrimp you
are using are **peeled and deveined** , or clean and devein the shrimp
yourself before battering and frying.

  1. Heat your wok, skillet, frying pan, or Dutch oven with enough cooking oil to cover the shrimp **to medium-high heat**. The oil should be 350¬∫F _( 175¬∫C )_ when ready to fry the shrimp.
  2. Using a heat-resistant slotted spoon or fork, dip the shrimp to coat them in the batter and **allow the excess to drip off**. Place 4 - 6 shrimp into the heated oil, allowing room between the shrimp so that they are not crowded while frying.
  3. Cook the prawns for 4 - 5 minutes, or until a light golden brown in color. **Transfer the cooked shrimp** to a paper towel-lined plate or rack to let the oil drain off. Continue cooking the shrimp in batches until done and then discard any remaining batter.

### 4\. Stir Fry the Vegetables and Pineapple

  1. Clear any debris in your cooking oil and **leave about 2 tablespoons of the oil** in your wok or skillet to fry the red and green bell peppers, onion, and pineapple chunks.
  2. Return the wok or skillet to medium-high heat and once the oil is shimmering, add the cut vegetables and pineapple. Stir fry for 2 - 3 minutes, or until the peppers and onion have reached your **desired level of tenderness**.

Any of your **family's favorite vegetables** can also be included in this stir
fry dinner. Add broccoli, carrots, celery, bok choy, or cabbage to make this
meal fantastic!

### 5\. Assemble the Sweet and Sour Prawns

  1. Pour the sweet and sour sauce over your stir-fried veggies and pineapple and stir to coat. Add the fried shrimp back into the wok with your stir-fried vegetables and pineapple chunks, then stir to **coat all of the ingredients thoroughly**.
  2. Cook the combined sauce, shrimp, vegetables, and pineapple until the sauce shimmers and the **shrimp is completely heated through**. Remove from heat and serve immediately.

Serve your **sweet and sour prawns** over **steamed rice, fried rice**, or
**chow mein noodles**. This flavorful shrimp dinner can also be garnished with
sesame seeds, black sesame seeds, or chopped green onions if desired. Enjoy!

## ü¶ê More Tasty Shrimp Recipes

* * *

  * **General Tso's Shrimp**
  *  **Shrimp with Garlic Sauce**
  *  **Creamy Coconut Shrimp**
  *  **Hunan Shrimp**
  *  **Hibachi Steak and Shrimp**
  *  **Panda Express Honey Walnut Shrimp**

Do you love a recipe you tried? Please leave **a 5-star  üåürating **in the
recipe card below and/or a review in the comments section further down the
page.  
  
**Stay in touch with me** through social media @  **Pinterest**,
**Facebook**, **Instagram**, or **Twitter**! Don't forget to tag me when you
try one of my recipes!

## üìã Recipe

Print Recipe Leave A Comment

Love This Recipe?Click On A Star To Rate It!

4.93 from 13 reviews

## Sweet and Sour Prawns

These deliciously tangy Sweet and Sour Prawns are a tasty combination of
tempura-battered wok-fried shrimp, vegetables, and pineapple coated in my
homemade sweet and sour sauce! It's the perfect better-than-takeout Chinese
food entree to make at home any night of the week!

Author | Angela

Servings: 4 servings

Calories: 380kcal

Prep 15 minutes

Cooking 20 minutes

Total Time 35 minutes

Pin Recipe Share on Facebook

##

Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric

1x2x3x

  * ‚ñ¢ 1 sweet and sour sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 lb shrimp (large, deveined and tails removed - thawed if frozen)
  * ‚ñ¢ 4 large egg whites
  * ‚ñ¢ ‚Öî cup cornstarch
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 red bell pepper (cut into 1-inch chunks)
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 green bell pepper (cut into 1-inch chunks)
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω medium white onion (cut into 1-inch chunks)
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 cup pineapple chunks (approximately one 8 ounce can)
  * ‚ñ¢ cooking oil (for frying the shrimp)

##

Instructions

  * Make the sweet and sour sauce as instructed in the recipe. Set aside.

  * In a medium-size mixing bowl, whisk the egg whites until light and foamy. Add the cornstarch and continue whisking until all of the cornstarch has dissolved and you have a smooth batter.

  * Heat a wok, large skillet, frying pan, or Dutch oven to medium-high heat with enough cooking oil to fry the shrimp. The oil should reach 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) when ready to fry your battered shrimp.

  * Coat your peeled and deveined shrimp into the batter using a heat-safe slotted spoon or fork. Let the excess batter drip off of the shrimp before placing them into your heated oil.

  * Fry the battered shrimp for 4-5 minutes, or until a light golden brown. Remove the cooked shrimp from your cooking oil and transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain off excess oil. Cook the shrimp in batches, if needed, until all of your shrimp are done. 

  * Clean out debris from your oil and leave about 2 tablespoons of your cooking oil in the wok or skillet to stir fry your vegetables. Return the wok to medium-high heat and add your cut vegetables. Stir fry until tender, about 2-3 minutes.

  * Pour the sweet and sour sauce over your wok fried vegetables and stir to thoroughly coat the cut veggies. Add the shrimp back to the wok or skillet and stir to coat. Cook until the sauce is shimmering and the shrimp and sauce are heated through.

  * Remove from heat and serve immediately. Serve over steamed or fried rice, garnish with sesame seeds and chopped green onion if desired.

###

Nutrition

Calories: 380kcal (19%) | Carbohydrates: 61g (20%) | Protein: 29g (58%) | Fat:
2g (3%) | Saturated Fat: 1g (6%) | Cholesterol: 286mg (95%) | Sodium: 1257mg
(55%) | Potassium: 456mg (13%) | Fiber: 3g (13%) | Sugar: 36g (40%) | Vitamin
A: 1104IU (22%) | Vitamin C: 76mg (92%) | Calcium: 201mg (20%) | Iron: 3mg
(17%)

Did you try this recipe? Rate it below!I can‚Äôt wait to see your results!
Mention @bake_it_with_love or tag #bake_it_with_love!

Course Dinner Recipes, Entrees, Main Course, Seafood

Cuisine American, Asian, Chinese

Angela @ BakeItWithLove.com

Angela is an at home chef that developed a passion for all things cooking and
baking at a young age in her Grandma's kitchen. After many years in the food
service industry, she now enjoys sharing all of her family favorite recipes
and creating tasty dinner and amazing dessert recipes here at Bake It With
Love!

bakeitwithlove.com/about/

¬´ Cream Cheese Wontons

Pumpkin Pie Spice ¬ª

Share This Recipe!

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * LinkedIn
  * Reddit

## Reader Interactions

### Thanks for coming! Let me know what you think: Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

English

Arabic Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English French German Italian Japanese
Korean Portuguese Russian Turkish

**Hi there, I'm Angela!** I am an avid vintage cookbook collector, recipe
creator, animal lover, and total foodie. I love sharing recipes that are new,
fun, and creative as well as great classic recipes just like my Grandma used
to make!

More about me ‚Üí

### Roast Dinners

  * Oven Roasted Prime Rib with Dry Rib Rub

  * Smoked Bison Prime Rib

  * Venison Tenderloin Roast

  * Sunday Dinner Ideas

  * Pork Ribeye Roast

  * Baked Pork Tenderloin

### Reader Favorites

  * Avocado Egg Bake (Breakfast Bake)

  * Best Chicken Tortilla Soup

  * Panda Express Shanghai Angus Steak

  * Pan Seared Ribeye Steak

  * Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf

  * Strawberry Shortcake

DISCLAIMER: As an Amazon Associate, I earn a commission from qualifying
purchases at no added cost to you.

## Footer

‚Üë back to top

### About

  * About Angela
  * Privacy Policy
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * FAQ
  * Home
  * Accessibility Statement

### Subscribe

### Stay in Touch!

* indicates required

Email Address *

### Read

  * Collections
  * Conversions
  * Food That Starts With
  * Substitutions
  * Food Info
  * Web Stories

Copyright ¬© 2022 Bake It With Love

