https://bubbapie.com/shrimp-mei-fun/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

About Contact Subscribe

  *   *   * 

**Subscribe** For New Recipes

BubbaPie

Comfort Food For Every Occassion

MenusearchSearch

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipe Index
    * appetizers
    * Side Dishes
      * Soups
      * Breads
      * Salads
    * Main Dishes
    * Desserts
    * Pressure Cooker
    * Slow Cooker
  * Subscribe
  * Search for search

Search for search

  *   *   * 

Home » Main Dishes

# Shrimp Mei Fun

Updated on   |  By Kat  |  Leave a comment

Jump to RecipePrint Recipe

This Shrimp Mei Fun is an authentic Asian Dish that is family friendly and
super easy to make. Rice Noodles are cooked with shrimp, hoisin sauce, soy
sauce, sesame oil and veggies for a gluten free dish that is much better than
ordering takeout!

## What Is Shrimp Mei Fun?

This classic dish is a staple in Asian Cuisine. "Mei Fun" generally translates
to "Rice Noodles". While you can find different versions of this dish
throughout America, you'll usually be seeing cooked Rice Noodles mixed in with
Shrimp, Vegetables and a sauce.

## No More Takeout!

If you are like me, sometimes you just crave some Asian Cuisine. Usually, your
best option is to order from your local restaurant and either have it
delivered or go and pick it up. This is not convenient, can get expensive and
the food is never as fresh as you'd like it by the time it gets on your plate.

This is why making your own dishes is so awesome. That is why we decided to
make our own version of Shrimp Mei Fun!

## Shrimp Mei Fun

We love this recipe. But the greatest thing about it is that you can sort of
tweak it to whatever you want. This is especially true with the vegetables.
Feel free to add or omit as you'd like. If you've got some veggies in your
fridge that are about to expire, this is a great place for them to be of
service.

Ready to get started? Here is what you'll need:

  * 1 package mei fun noodles (or, thin rice noodles) - about 250 g
  * 1-2 tbsp vegetable oil
  * 15-20 medium-sized frozen shrimp, thawed, peeled and deveined
  * 3 tbsp sesame seed oil
  * 2 tbsp hoisin sauce
  * 3 garlic cloves, peeled & minced
  * 1 cup canned corn
  * 1 cup canned peas
  * ½ onion, chopped
  * 1 cup chopped brown mushrooms
  * 2 tbsp soy sauce

## Notes, Tips and Variations

  * **GLUTEN FREE?-** While Chow Mei Fun Noodles ARE gluten free, be careful with the sauces that you choose. Some may contain Gluten in them It isn't hard to find Gluten Free versions of any of them though.
  * **ADD EGG?-** I've seen several versions of this dish that have egg in them. Either scrambled up inside or a fried egg on top just before serving. We didn't do that this time but I can't wait to try it next time. It sounds delicious.
  * **DON 'T OVER SOAK NOODLES- **Keep an eye on your noodles when you soak them in water. You want to take them out when they are Al Dente. They will cook the rest of the way in the pan.
  * **SUB SHRIMP?-** Not a fan of shrimp? No worries, you can make Chicken Mei Fun, Pork Mei Fun or even Beef Mei Fun with this same recipe!

I hope you enjoy this recipe for Shrimp Mei Fun! Let me know how it works out
for you in the comments section! Thanks for reading!

**LOOKING FOR MORE AUTHENTIC CUISINES FROM OTHER CULTURES? CHECK OUT:**

  * **KOREAN SWEET POTATOES**
  * **TERIYAKI SHRIMP SKEWERS**
  * **TRINIDAD MACARONI PIE**

Rate this Recipe

## Shrimp Mei Fun

Course Main Course

Servings 4 servings

This Shrimp Mei Fun is an authentic Asian Dish that is family friendly and
super easy to make. Rice Noodles are cooked with shrimp, hoisin sauce, soy
sauce, sesame oil and veggies for a gluten free dish that is much better than
ordering takeout!

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 1 package mei fun noodles or, thin rice noodles - about 250 g
  * 1-2 tbsp vegetable oil
  * 15-20 medium-sized frozen shrimp thawed, peeled and deveined
  * 3 tbsp sesame seed oil
  * 2 tbsp hoisin sauce
  * 3 garlic cloves peeled & minced
  * 1 cup canned corn
  * 1 cup canned peas
  * ½ onion chopped
  * 1 cup chopped brown mushrooms
  * 2 tbsp soy sauce

### Instructions

  * Begin by soaking mei fun noodles in a large bowl of water, for about 10 minutes.

  * In a medium skillet, heat 1 tbsp oil over medium heat. Add shrimp and cook thoroughly. Set aside.

  * Heat remaining oil in a larger skillet, over medium heat. Add all ingredients (except for the shrimp, noodles and soy sauce) and toss and cook until veggies are softened.

  * Add noodles, shrimp and soy sauce. Mix gently so that all ingredients are well incorporated. You may add more soy sauce, if desired.

  * Serve and enjoy!

Love this recipe?Follow @bubbapie for even more delicious recipes!!





posted in: Main Dishes

Previous

Turkey Salad Sandwich

Next

Bisquick Cheddar Biscuits

## Reader Interactions

### Leave A Reply! Cancel reply

 **Share your thoughts!**  
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked with *  
  

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

Newsletter

#### Recipes In Your Inbox

Subscribe to get all the latest recipes in your inbox!

Subscribe

#### Welcome to BubbaPie!

BubbaPie was created by a wife/husband team of Joe and Kathy who wanted to
share their family recipes with others. We hope BubbaPie is a place you can
visit to get great tasting, comfort recipes to enjoy with your family.

### Find your Next Recipe

Search for search

### New Recipes

#### Beef Tips and Rice

#### Creamy Coleslaw Recipe

#### Easy Chicken Pozole Recipe

#### Eggs with Spinach Recipe

### Archives

Archives Select Month August 2022  July 2022  June 2022  May 2022  April 2022
March 2022  February 2022  January 2022  December 2021  November 2021  October
2021  September 2021  August 2021  July 2021  June 2021  May 2021  April 2021
March 2021  February 2021  January 2021  December 2020  November 2020  October
2020  September 2020  August 2020  July 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020
March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October
2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  May 2019  April 2019  March 2019
February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018
September 2018

### Categories

Categories Select Category appetizers Breads Breakfast Desserts Drinks
Featured Categories Grilling Main Dishes Pressure Cooker Salads Side Dishes
Slow Cooker Soups Thanksgiving

BubbaPie was created by a wife/husband team of Joe and Kathy who wanted to
share their family recipes with others. As busy parents they were getting
frustrated with long lists of crazy ingredients in recipes and wanted to
simplify recipe down to the basics, thus **Real Food for Real People was
born**.

Appetizers Breads Desserts Main Dishes Side Dishes Slow Cooker Soups Slow
Cooker Pressure Cooker

#### Recipes In Your Inbox

Subscribe to get all the latest recipes in your inbox!

Subscribe

  *   *   * 

©2022, BubbaPie. All Rights Reserved. About Contact Disclosure & Privacy
Policies

Design by Pixel Me Designs

BubbaPie is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an
affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn
advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.

