https://www.chinasichuanfood.com/homestyle-mai-fun/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

# China Sichuan Food

menu icon

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Noodles

# Homestyle Mai Fun

April 26, 2017 by Elaine 13 Comments | Jump to Recipe

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest16133

Learn how to prepare a yummy restaurant style homestyle Mai Fun stir fry.

**Mei fun (Mai fun)** is a popular stir fry noodle in Southern China and
Singapore. Usually mei fun is made from rice and water without salt. They can
be quite good in soups and stir fries. There are several types of noodles made
from rice and water. They share lots of similarities but popular in different
region. In western part of China, like Sichuan and Yunnan, we have thicker
rice noodles (sometimes also called rice sticks, 米线). Mei fun is much thinner
than rice sticks.

When ordering a chow fun, you can choose to chow ho fun or chow mei fun. Ho
fun is steamed wide rice noodles. You may hear of the famous beef ho fun. The
most famous dish using mai fun is Singapore style mai fun stir fry.

### Ingredients

  * 100g thin rice noodles
  * 10 whole shrimp (peeled and deveined)
  * 2 tablespoons cooking oil
  * 2 eggs, beaten
  * ½ cup shredded carrot
  * ½ cup shredded red onion
  * 1 small bunch of bean sprouts
  * 1 small bunch of Chinese chive
  * 1 teaspoon Chinese five spice powder
  * pinch of salt

**Stir-fry sauce**

  * 1 tablespoon light soy sauce
  * ½ teaspoon sugar
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil

### Instructions

1.Pre-soak the rice noodles for around 20 to 30 minutes until soft and then
drain. (You need to drain the noodles completely, otherwise they can be quite
stick when stir-frying). Slice other ingredients and mix the stir fry sauce in
a small bowl.

2\. Heat up around 1 tablespoon oil in pan and make a thin omelet. Then shred
the egg omelet on your cutting board after cooling down.

3\. Heat up around 1 tablespoon oil in wok over medium fire. Add shrimp to fry
for around 10 to 20 seconds until aromatic. Transfer shrimp out.

4\. Then place side ingredients including carrot and red onion shreds to fry
for another 30 seconds or until they are slightly softened. Place rice noodles
in.

5\. Add shredded egg omelet, shrimp, bean sprouts and chive sections. Spread
salt and Chinese five spice powder and stir in the sauce. Make quick movements
to coat all the contents with stir fry sauce evenly. Transfer out and serve
hot.

The best way to make a chow mai fun is use chopsticks. Pick some of the
noodles up, shake shake before putting down. Then repeat the process until all
the ingredients are well mixed.

## Homestyle Mai Fun

A homestyle chow mai fun

5 from 1 vote

Print Pin Rate

Course: staple

Cuisine: Cantonese

Keyword: Mei Fun

Prep Time: 20 minutes

Cook Time: 8 minutes

Total Time: 28 minutes

Servings: 2

Calories: 494kcal

Author: Elaine

### Ingredients

  * 100 g thin rice noodles
  * 10 whole shrimp , peeled and deveined
  * 2 tbsp. cooking oil
  * 2 eggs , beaten
  * ½ cup shredded carrot
  * ½ cup shredded red onion
  * 1 small bunch of bean sprouts
  * 1 small bunch of Chinese chive
  * 1 tsp. Chinese five spice powder
  * pinch of salt

#### Stir-fry sauce

  * 1 tbsp. light soy sauce
  * ½ tsp. sugar
  * 1 tsp. sesame oil

### Instructions

  * Pre-soak the rice noodles for around 20 to 30 minutes until soft and then drain. Slice other ingredients and mix the stir fry sauce in a small bowl.

  * Heat up around 1 tablespoon oil in pan and make a thin omelet. Then shred the egg omelet on your cutting board after cooling down.

  * Heat up around 1 tablespoon oil in wok over medium fire. Add shrimp to fry for around 10 to 20 seconds until aromatic. Transfer shrimp out. Then place side ingredients including carrot and red onion shreds to fry for another 30 seconds or until they are slightly softened.

  * Slow down your heat and add Mai Fun in. Add shredded egg omelet, shrimp, bean sprouts and chive sections. Spread salt and Chinese five spice powder and stir in the sauce. Make quick movements to coat all the contents with stir fry sauce evenly. Transfer out and serve hot.

### Notes

To avoid the noodles from sticky, you need to keep medium to slow fire after
adding the noodles.

### Nutrition

Calories: 494kcal | Carbohydrates: 52g | Protein: 18g | Fat: 23g | Saturated
Fat: 3g | Cholesterol: 286mg | Sodium: 909mg | Potassium: 297mg | Fiber: 2g |
Sugar: 4g | Vitamin A: 5835IU | Vitamin C: 9.9mg | Calcium: 131mg | Iron:
3.3mg

« Da Pan Ji-Big Plate Chicken with Noodles

Ginger Milk Pudding »

### You may also like

## Pan-fried Tofu with Egg and Chive

July 3, 2016

## Steamed Sausage Buns (Lop Cheung Buns)

November 18, 2016

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Melissa

April 29, 2017 at 4:08 am

This turned out perfectly! Tasted just like in a restaurant!!

Thanks for the extra stir-frying tips - Up until now have always had a lot of
trouble frying noodles in the wok.

Reply

    * Elaine

April 30, 2017 at 8:06 am

Thanks for the feedback, Melissa. Glad you love it and wish you have a nice
cooking time with wok.

Reply

  2. Taylor from On The Gas

May 03, 2017 at 4:29 pm

Wow Elaine! this is amazing. I am sure I can follow this recipe on your blog.
Thanks for sharing. I was in Taiwan and I am looking for this recipe I can
follow and found yours.

Reply

    * Elaine

May 03, 2017 at 8:26 pm

Thanks Taylor, I'm glad you love it and let me know after you have tried this
recipe.

Reply

  3. chris 06

May 08, 2017 at 4:09 am

Je vais en faire la semaine prochaine, et je sais d'avance que je vais
beaucoup aimer. Merci,et bises

Reply

  4. Beatrice

May 11, 2017 at 3:12 am

Hello Elaine, I have tried this recipe this evening for dinner and everyone
has enjoyed it in my family, also mum and dad who are usually not comfortable
with ethnic food. (I'm from Italy) but they really liked the taste and the
savours!  
Just one problem: My noodles (I have found the rice sticks instead of Mei fun
noodles)came out too dry, maybe I cooked them too much into the wok, I don't
know. I think I left them stir fry for about five, nope definitely more than
five minutes, maybe ten. They were not very soft but the taste was good and I
am going to give this recipe another try and another one and another one....

Reply

  5. Jenine

November 09, 2017 at 2:14 pm

So glad I found your recipes can't wait to try some and tell you about them.
I'm going to look for you on Instagram, so excited.

Reply

    * Sharon

July 05, 2021 at 7:06 am

What kind of oil do you recommend for this dish?

Reply

      * Elaine

July 08, 2021 at 9:11 pm

Around 4.5L to 4.8L. I actually use 5L water but the pulp may take some.

Reply

  6. Marten

April 15, 2020 at 11:26 pm

  
5star for your hard work, explaining to us..

Reply

    * Elaine

April 18, 2020 at 3:48 pm

My pleasure, Marten.

Reply

  7. Raymond Puder

August 11, 2020 at 4:21 am

Shrimp Mai Fun, mixed with chunks of chicken and pork. Egg and cabbage, tastes
like the Filipino dish Pancit de leon.

Reply

  8. Emilia Rosa

January 19, 2022 at 8:48 pm

I love this dish--love Chinese food. Must try!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Hi, Welcome!

Please not be limited by site name, as Elaine shares Chinese recipes beyond
Sichuan dishes. Know me more from  About Page

  * Facebook
  * Google+
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Find Recipes

Search

##  Email List

Subscribe Our Email list to get updates and recipes

## Footer

↑ back to top

  * Privacy Policy. Disclaimer. About. Hot Pot cookbook

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 ChinaSichuanFood.com | All Rights Reserved

  *   * 

