http://cuckooking.blogspot.com/2014/10/15-minute-shrimp-mei-fun.html


## Pages

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Garden

## October 25, 2014

###  15-Minute Shrimp Mei Fun

  

We've been pretty busy lately, so I've been making a lot of my quick and easy
dinners.  Of all of my 15-minute meals, this one is my family's favorite.
It's better than anything you can get from Chinese take-out (or so my husband
proclaims), and it is incredibly easy to make.  Mei fun simply means thin rice
noodles, which you can find in the foreign section of your grocery store
labeled rice vermicelli.  This mei fun is light and healthy, and has a
beautiful, mild sauce.  I used frozen peas this time, but you can really use
any vegetable combination you prefer... celery, broccoli, snow peas,
asparagus, etc.  I'll never forget my little sous chef's reaction the first
time I made this dish - she couldn't get enough of it!  Oh, reminisce with me
little.  Four years ago... *sigh*  They grow up too quickly.  She looks pretty
comfortable with those chopsticks, though!  
  
  
  
  
  

  

**  
****Ingredients:**  
**  
**  

  * 8 oz thin rice noodles 
  * 3 tbsp sesame oil, divided 
  * 3 tbsp butter, divided  
  * 1/2 c carrot, julienned
  * 1 1/2 c shredded cabbage 
  * 1/4 c frozen peas 
  * 1/2 c onion, minced 
  * 1 large garlic clove, finely minced 
  * 1 tsp fresh ginger, finely minced 
  * 1 c bean sprouts, drained 
  * 1/4 c water or chicken broth (I use some of the water from soaking the noodles)
  * 1/4 tsp brown sugar
  * 1/4 tsp pepper, or to taste
  * 2 tbsp soy sauce, or more to taste 
  * 1 large egg, beaten 
  * 1/2 lb shrimp, peeled and deveined 

  

**Directions:**

**  
**

Place the rice noodles in a large pot and cover with hot water.  Set aside and
allow it to soak for 15 minutes.  

  

Meanwhile, preheat a large skillet over medium-high heat.  Add 2 tbsp of the
sesame oil and 2 tbsp of the butter to the hot skillet.  Add the carrot,
cabbage, frozen peas, and onion; cook for 2 minutes.  Add the garlic, ginger,
bean sprouts, brown sugar, pepper, and soy sauce.  Move the contents of the
skillet to one side of the pan.  Add the egg to the skillet and cook through.
Stir the egg into the rest of the ingredients in the skillet.  Keep the
contents of the skillet to one side.  Add the remaining 1 tbsp of butter and 1
tbsp of sesame oil to the skillet.  Add the shrimp.  Cook on both sides until
the shrimp are cooked through.  Add 1/4 c of water or chicken broth, and add
the drained rice noodles to the skillet.  Toss well and season with more soy
sauce and pepper, if desired.  

  

Enjoy!  
  
  

Labels: 15-Minute Meals, Asian, Main Course, Seafood, Skinny

#### 2 comments:

  1. Tsanta64September 27, 2020 at 3:03 AM

How many does this serve ? Thanks !

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  2. Dixie CDecember 23, 2020 at 3:02 PM

This was easy and delicious. Thank you!

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

Add comment

Load more...

I would love to hear from you! :)

Newer Post Older Post Home

Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)

## Featured in:

  

## Search Recipes:

## Instant Pot (3)

  

## Keto (3)

  

## Appetizers/Dips: (47)

  

## Asian: (31)

  

## Beef: (59)

  

## Breakfast (64)

  

## Chicken: (78)

  

## Dessert: (99)

  

## Dude Food: (58)

  

## Italian: (80)

  

## Mexican: (35)

  

## Pork: (43)

  

## Sandwiches/Wraps: (19)

  

## Seafood: (66)

  

## Skinny Recipes (89)

  

## Soup/Stew: (33)

  

## Turkey: (15)

  

## Vegetarian: (69)

  

## Give it a Gawk:

  

## TRENDING

  * Cajun Chicken Stuffed with Pepper Jack Cheese & Spinach

  * Hasselback Chicken ~ Cajun with Pepper Jack & Spinach

  * Baked Crab-Stuffed Flounder with Champagne Cream Sauce over Asparagus

  * Streusel Eggnog Cupcakes with Eggnog Glaze

  * Baked Macaroni & Cheese with Crushed Doritos

If you would like to use my recipes and/or pictures, I am flattered and only
ask that you give the proper credit to Cooking Creation with a link back to my
site. Thank you!

Cooking Creation 2010 - 2015 (C) All Rights Reserved

Feedjit Live Blog Stats

|  
  
---|---  
  
Cooking Creation (C) 2010 - 2017 All Rights Reserved. Powered by Blogger.

