https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/chicken-spring-rolls/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Chicken spring rolls

Home >> Recipes >> Chicken Recipes

Byswasthi

2 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**Chicken spring rolls recipe** - Making these tasty chicken spring rolls at
home is super quick and easy. My kids love these **Vegetable spring rolls**
and keep asking me often. I made these chicken spring rolls sometime ago and
these became our new family favorite. These are great to enjoy for a **Snack**
or along with **Noodles** for a meal.

* * *

I have used store bought spring roll sheets so making these was a breeze. This
recipe is roughly adapted from my vegetable spring rolls. This is just with an
addition of chicken and Chinese five spice powder. You can also skip the spice
powder or replace with any of your favorite spice mix.

Soya sauce lends a delicate flavor to the chicken. While pepper adds mild heat
to the stuffing. So skipping the spice powders is just fine. I have used a
chopped chicken fillet here, you can use any including the mince.

The recipe can be double or tripled easily but use a large wider pan to
prevent the filling from turning mushy.

For best results fry these chicken spring rolls immediately after rolling. You
can serve them with a sauce of your choice. We enjoyed them with this
**Schezwan sauce**.

More **Chicken Recipes**, you can check  
 **Chicken cutlet  
Chicken manchurian  
Tandoori chicken  
Chicken shawarma**

Advertisement

**Preparing the filling for chicken spring rolls**

1\. Firstly, pour 1 tbsp oil to a wok or pan and heat it.

2\. Add chicken and saute for 2 to 3 mins until it turns white in color. Then
sprinkle salt and mix.

3\. Cook and cover on a low to medium heat until tender. Transfer this to a
plate and set aside.

4\. To the same pan, add another tbsp oil. Fry the garlic for 1 min.

5\. Next transfer cabbage, capsicum and carrots. You can also add in spring
onions. Saute on the highest flame for 2 to 3 mins stirring often.

Advertisement

6\. Add the chicken.

7\. Pour soya sauce.

8\. Sprinkle pepper and spice powder.

Advertisement

9\. Saute on the highest flame for 2 to 3 mins or until the moisture
evaporates. Cool this completely.

## How to make chicken spring rolls

10\. Prepare a mixture of corn flour and water in a bowl. The mixture has to
be runny and not thick. You can also use plain water to stick the rolls but
not sure if it works with every brand of sheets.

11\. Bring the spring roll sheets to room temperature. Place a sheet on the
work board. As shown in the picture, place 2 tbsp of filling.

12\. Begin to roll removing the air pockets. Please watch the video for
details.

13\. Bring the sides to the center.

Advertisement

14\. Roll it again and spread the corn flour mixture to the edges you want to
close.

15\. Roll it tightly and seal up.

16\. Make all the rolls and keep them covered to prevent drying.

Advertisement

17\. Heat the oil until hot enough. If the oil is not hot enough the chicken
spring rolls will absorb lot of oil. Drop them gently when the oil is hot.

18\. Fry them until crisp. Some sheets don't give a golden color, so you can
ignore the color but they must be crisp. Drain them on to a kitchen tissue.

Serve chicken spring rolls with any sauce.

**Related Recipes**

[related_post=40264]

Advertisement

## Chicken spring rolls

Chinese chicken spring rolls  make a great snack or a side with a meal. These
are quick to make if you have ready made spring roll sheets.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time10 minutes

Cook Time30 minutes

Total Time40 minutes

Servings3

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

#### For the stuffing

  * ▢ 1 tsp garlic chopped
  * ▢ 3 cups cabbage shredded
  * ▢ 1 medium carrot julienned
  * ▢ ½ cup bell peppers sliced
  * ▢ 2 tbsp oil
  * ▢ 250 grams chicken boneless thin strips
  * ▢ ½ tsp pepper coarse crushed
  * ▢ ½ tsp Chinese five spice powder or any masala
  * ▢ salt as needed
  * ▢ 1 tbsp soya sauce

#### For the chicken spring rolls

  * ▢ 8 spring roll sheets
  * ▢ oil as needed for frying
  * ▢ 1 tsp corn flour or corn starch
  * ▢ 3  tbsp water

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Make filling for chicken spring rolls

  * ▢

Pour 1 tbsp oil to a pan. Saute chicken until pale in color for 2 to 3 mins.

  * ▢

Sprinkle salt as needed.

  * ▢

Cover the pan and cook until fully done. Set this aside.

  * ▢

Pour 1 tbsp oil. Next fry the garlic just for 1 min.

  * ▢

Add cabbage, carrots and bell pepper. Fry on the highest flame for 2 to 3
mins. Do not overcook. Veggies have to be crunchy.

  * ▢

Add the chicken. Next pour soya sauce.

  * ▢

Sprinkle pepper and spice powder too. Saute just for another minute.  

  * ▢

Cool the stuffing. There should not be excess moisture in the stuffing. You
can check the salt and add more if needed.

  * ▢

Next mix together corn flour and water to make a thin mixture.  You can also
use plain water to dampen the edges of the sheets for sealing.

#### How to make chicken spring rolls

  * ▢

Keep the spring rolls sheets at room temperature for about 30 to 40 mins. If
they are stuck to each other, then you can place a damp cloth over them. They
will come off easily.

  * ▢

Spread 1 spring roll sheet. Place 2 tbsp of chicken stuffing.

  * ▢

Next cover the filling with one edge. Roll it till the center. Bring the 2
sides over to the center.

  * ▢

Roll again. Next brush the prepared corn starch over the edges. You can also
just apply water to the edges.

  * ▢

Roll up and make sure the edges are well sealed.

  * ▢

Repeat making all of them.

  * ▢

Keep them covered until you fry.

#### Frying chicken spring rolls

  * ▢

Heat oil in a pan for deep frying.

  * ▢

When the oil is hot, drop the spring rolls to the oil and fry on a medium heat
until crisp. You may not get them golden always since it depends on the brand
of sheets used.

  * ▢

Drain them to a kitchen tissue

  * ▢

Serve chicken spring rolls hot with ketchup or schezwan sauce.

Advertisement

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### Video

  

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Chicken spring rolls

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 421 Calories from Fat 324

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 36g **55%**

Saturated Fat 5g **31%**

 **Cholesterol** 62mg **21%**

 **Sodium** 408mg **18%**

 **Potassium** 341mg **10%**

 **Carbohydrates** 7g **2%**

Fiber 2g **8%**

Sugar 3g **3%**

 **Protein** 17g **34%**

**Vitamin A** 1025IU **21%**

 **Vitamin C** 59mg **72%**

 **Calcium** 41mg **4%**

 **Iron** 1.6mg **9%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Jhal muri recipe | How to make Jhal muri

NextContinue

Beetroot paratha recipe | Beetroot recipe for toddlers & kids

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

2 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Kausar

Can we boil chicken and add it to the mix vegetables

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Kausar

Yes you can boil and shred it.

Reply

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

