https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/149687/thai-chicken-spring-rolls/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Appetizers and Snacks
  4. Wraps and Rolls
  5. Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

# Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

Rating: 4 stars 4.2

53 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 32 
  * 4 star values: 11 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 4 
  * 1 star values: 3 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 53 Ratings 
  * 36 Reviews 
  * 10 Photos 

This Vietnamese dish is adapted with Thai flavors. These spring rolls make an
excellent appetizer or light entree. Colorful, crunchy vegetables contrast
nicely with the soft, translucent wrapper.

Recipe by Rebecca V

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls sydnee

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls Mehak Ijaz

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls Amanda Potter

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls Rebecca Humrich

\+ 6 6 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

40 mins

cook:

5 mins

additional:

30 mins

total:

1 hr 15 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

12 rolls

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 cup peanut sauce 
  * 1 (1 1/2 inch) piece fresh ginger root, minced 
  * 2 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 1 teaspoon soy sauce 
  * 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into 1 inch pieces 
  * 1 teaspoon peanut oil 
  * 6 ounces fresh snow pea pods 
  * 12 ounces bean sprouts 
  * 4 green onion, chopped 
  * 1 pound watercress, chopped 
  * ¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro 
  * 2 large carrots, peeled 
  * 1 teaspoon peanut oil 
  * 1 teaspoon soy sauce 
  * 12 spring roll wrappers 
  * ½ cup peanut sauce 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Combine 1 cup peanut sauce, ginger, garlic, and 1 teaspoon soy sauce in a
bowl. Add the chicken and mix until the chicken is coated. Place in
refrigerator to marinate for 30 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat 1 teaspoon peanut oil in a wok or skillet over medium heat. Cook the snow
peas, bean sprouts and green onion in the oil until heated but still crisp, 3
to 4 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Mix in the watercress and cilantro.
Use a vegetable peeler to have long slices of carrot into the watercress
mixture. Drizzle 1 teaspoon soy sauce into the watercress mixture; toss to
coat.

  * Step 3

Heat 1 teaspoon of oil to the wok or skillet. Cook the marinated chicken until
no longer pink inside, about 10 minutes.

  * Step 4

Fill a large bowl with hot water. Dip wrappers one at a time into the water
for about 2 seconds each. As wrappers are removed from the water, fill each
with 2 large spoonfuls of the chicken and a small handful of the watercress
mixture. Fold in two opposite ends of the wrapper to meet the filling. Then
fold the bottom of the wrapper over the top of the filling and roll. Serve
with 1/2 cup peanut sauce for dipping.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

595 calories; protein 46.9g; carbohydrates 40.5g; fat 30.5g; cholesterol
71.3mg; sodium 646.6mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (36)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Donna in Texas

Rating: 4 stars

02/16/2010

For those of you unfamiliar with Thai and Vietnamese cuisine, their
springrolls are not crispy like Japanese or Chinese springrolls. The meat(if
any) is cooked before being rolled in the wrapper. The veggies are normally
raw or(rarely) lightly steamed. They're like a little salad in a wrapper. I
love them in summer. In Thai cooking springrolls use a rice paper wrapper and
is eaten raw, eggrolls use a thin wonton(wheat paper) wrapper and is eaten
fried. What may have confused some of you is that the recipe just says
springroll wrappers. The chinese ones are wheat and are not meant to be dipped
in water but fried. The thai and vietnamese ones are rice, stiff and meant to
be softened in water and eaten raw. In my area the package just says rice
paper, nothing about springrolls.

Read More

Helpful (97)

### Most helpful critical review

Stefanie

Rating: 2 stars

03/15/2010

Not my thing ... too many ingredients, that are expensive and not typical and
didn't turn out very good.

Read More

Helpful (5)

53 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 32 
  * 4 star values: 11 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 4 
  * 1 star values: 3 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Donna in Texas

Rating: 4 stars

02/16/2010

For those of you unfamiliar with Thai and Vietnamese cuisine, their
springrolls are not crispy like Japanese or Chinese springrolls. The meat(if
any) is cooked before being rolled in the wrapper. The veggies are normally
raw or(rarely) lightly steamed. They're like a little salad in a wrapper. I
love them in summer. In Thai cooking springrolls use a rice paper wrapper and
is eaten raw, eggrolls use a thin wonton(wheat paper) wrapper and is eaten
fried. What may have confused some of you is that the recipe just says
springroll wrappers. The chinese ones are wheat and are not meant to be dipped
in water but fried. The thai and vietnamese ones are rice, stiff and meant to
be softened in water and eaten raw. In my area the package just says rice
paper, nothing about springrolls.

HWESTERF

Rating: 5 stars

03/24/2008

Very easy to make. Found the spring roll wrappers at the grocery store in the
organic foods section--they were a lot easier to use than the clear-ish
looking rice paper wrappers from the Asian food aisle. Made these for a lunch
for a group of people--got excellent reviews. Very fresh taste.

Vyfschaft

Rating: 5 stars

04/15/2009

They were amazing, I followed the recipe almost to a tee. The only thing I did
differently is I put everything in the marinate over night, then put them in
the wrappers the next day and cooked them in the oven at 350 for 7 minutes.
They were delicious.

Amy Pierce

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2009

I made these for a dinner party and everyone loved them! I split the marinade
in two and used half (pre-cooked, frozen) shrimp and half chicken. I also used
arugula instead of watercress (due to availability) - I only needed 5 oz, not
a whole pound! I kept everything else the same and prepared it exactly as
instructed. I was doubtful it was going to all come together, but they
surprised me! Just do what was the recipe says, wrap em tight, and dip away! I
made everyone wrap their own for fun:-) Will DEFINITELY make again!

NorthernGirl

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2010

I love this recipe and have made it many times. Its so versatile! I have added
thinly sliced red pepper which looks great too! I use the smallest size of
wrapper and find I can make 2 dozen--perfect for appies! Also tastes great
with sweet chili thai sauce for dipping.

Diana Zerko

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2010

These were awesome! I did find that using spring roll wrappers were a little
better as they are a little thinner. Someone mentioned that it was odd that
these weren't fried. Not all spring rolls are fried, and some places called
the unfried ones summer rolls, they aren't made to be crispy as there are
crispy components inside the roll. This is also why this recipe is served with
peanut sauce, the tradition dipping sauce for the non fried variety.

June Tennant

Rating: 5 stars

08/04/2009

I found this to be a really good recipe. I used arugula as suggested by
another review. I served them as is without cooking because the recipe doesn't
mention cooking! My husband didn't care for them at all. The next day I deep
fried the leftovers and he loved them. I will put in less bean sprouts next
time as the flavor is stronger after frying. Now I will make big batches and
freeze them....

lutzflcat

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2011

Used Todd's Famous Thai Peanut Sauce (AR recipe) for the chicken filling and
served it on the side as well. Had a lot of the watercress mixture left over,
so I'd cut that in half in the future. Recipe said to mix long slices of the
carrot into the watercress mixture, but I don't see how that would work for
the spring roll filling, so I did a coarse shred on the carrot. Same comment
on the bean sprouts, cut them up a bit. Takes a little bit of practice using
the rice spring roll wrappers, but although they may not have been pretty,
they tasted great!

ROGGALACH

Rating: 4 stars

01/28/2010

These were delicious! I found it a little strange that the recipe made no
mention of frying them at the end. So I made them to see what they'd be like
and felt they needed frying or they didn't have that crispyness that spring
rolls have! Once I fried them, they were wonderful and very easy to make.

Kara DeLanty

Rating: 5 stars

08/25/2011

These are really, really good. They took me awhile to "perfect," but after
I've made them a few times, they turn out great. I usually use a lot less
watercress and more cilantro just because watercress is extremely expensive
where I live. The only suggestion I have is to just wet the corners of the
spring roll wrappers when rolling them instead of dipping them in water. They
would fall apart and get too mushy for my liking when dipped. Roll them up,
THEN brush them with a bit of water to soften them up. YUM!

melanie

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2010

Delicous!!! The only thing I left out was the cilantro. These were even good
cold the next day. Served them with another viewers peanut sauce. (sal's)

j. cook

Rating: 5 stars

05/12/2012

This is a great recipe. I personally don't like watercress in it, but this
recipe is so versatile to suit different tastes. I would strongly recommend
using chicken thighs, however. They should be cut very fine. I also like to
sprinkle some crushed peanuts in each one. Sometimes I put some fresh cucumber
in it too.

Stefanie

Rating: 2 stars

03/15/2010

Not my thing ... too many ingredients, that are expensive and not typical and
didn't turn out very good.

Andi

Rating: 1 stars

06/27/2011

This was just like the real thing! I didn't have watercress, so I used chard
instead. You could probably use lettuce, spinach, or any leafy green. I paired
this with Indonesian satay.

Linda

Rating: 5 stars

03/30/2011

This is so delicious. I'm not a fan of peanut sauce so left if out. Bag of
coleslaw mix makes a great filler with chicken and green onion and shrimp
also.

tess88

Rating: 5 stars

05/19/2012

This was a HUGE hit at our Mother's Day lunch. We had a little trouble finding
the spring roll wrappers- we had bought wonton and egg roll wrappers before we
read the comments on here. We tested both (despite what the other reviewers
had said) and it was disgusting as promised. In a desperate attempt to find
something suitable, we grabbed some lumpia wrappers in the freezer section and
were amazed to find it was EXACTLY what we were looking for- it even said
spring roll wrappers on the box! I wouldn't suggest dunking the wrapper in
water- it falls apart. Instead, just seal it with a dab of water. If you are
unfamiliar with peanut sauces, I would recommend House of Tsang Bangkok Padang
Peanut Sauce; it has a nice flavor. We refrigerated the chicken overnight and
it was wonderful. Though admittedly, we never tried 30 minutes like the recipe
suggests- I assume it would work as well. We weren't able to find the
vegetables in the right amount, so we used what we could and kept the ratio
the same. We also chopped our snap peas. I don't believe the recipe ever
specifies whether they are supposed to be chopped or whole. Though, I don't
think that would make or break a recipe anyways. We will definitely be adding
this recipe to our repertoire.

Snowquiet

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2015

I have tried a few spring roll recipes and this is my favorite so far. I had
to make a few adjustments since grocery store didn't have all ingredients: I
subbed baby kale for watercress and I hate canned sprouts, so left them out
(excited to make this in the spring when I can get them fresh though). Made my
own peanut sauce using a simple recipe on this site. Put in a full cup of
cilantro since I love it. Dipped rolls in sambal olek (chilli paste) since
peanut sauce really stuck to the chicken. Next time I plan to add lemongrass
to make them even better and will mix the chilli paste in with the chicken
just to make it easier to eat.

lulupark

Rating: 5 stars

08/15/2014

SO GOOD! These spring rolls were delicious, and easy to make. Instead of just
eating them plan I also dipped them in some peanut sauce for some extra
flavor.??

karataronno

Rating: 1 stars

06/19/2012

I made a peanut sauce from this site. I had to sub watercress for Arugula, and
bean sprouts for vermicill rice noodles, since my local stores have been out
of both for weeks now, and would get any watercress for a few more weeks. But
my hubby just didn't care for the combination of Peanut butter and chicken, he
ate two and I had to give the rest away. Also I found out that he doesn't
really care for rice paper either.

rsloverii

Rating: 4 stars

03/08/2013

Awesome stuff...couldn't find watercress so I used spinach instead...easy to
do and time consuming...recommend getting a couple packs of wraps...they tear
easily :D will make again soon

MMMICHELLE

Rating: 4 stars

05/29/2014

I really liked this; we used spinach instead of watercress and I added
cucumbers. I would also add avocados, if you like them. My hubby said he would
prefer with a wasabi/soy sauce rather than the peanut sauce.

day

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2016

My daughter and I enjoy making these together. Wonderful and fun to make and
eat. We even get to use whatever vegs we have on hand and spice them up a tad
with sauce. We really love these spring rolls

roberta

Rating: 2 stars

04/28/2014

Not much flavor needs lots of seasonings

Rach

Rating: 5 stars

12/03/2015

It was delicious! I did change a few things. I used wonton wrappers instead of
the rice paper, I don't like the texture of the rice paper. Also I mixed a
little of the peanut sauce in with the veggies along with some fresh chopped
ginger and minced garlic

RLand

Rating: 3 stars

06/20/2018

The flavors were good. My husband and I enjoyed the meal a lot, but it was a
lot of work for a meal that was only “good.” I made my own peanut sauce
instead of using store-bought, which helped with the flavor. I also would cut
the chicken into smaller chunks if I made this again.

dano

Rating: 5 stars

11/06/2017

Delicious. Just like the restaurant.

Suzy Maria

Rating: 5 stars

06/04/2019

Easy to cook. Need some practice doing a proper roll

Jordan Elizabeth Covey

Rating: 4 stars

06/26/2019

Very good, clean flavors. Easy to make. Good addition to anyone's dinner
option.

dave

Rating: 1 stars

11/06/2017

it was not good....period

Dawn Morrison

Rating: 5 stars

11/06/2017

Yummy I’d make them again !!!

Rebecca Humrich

Rating: 4 stars

03/07/2019

Great recipe. Hubby found the texture odd. Make sure you give yourself plenty
of time to assemble the actual rolls. I left out the watercress, cilantro, &
bean sprouts (since I chose to make this last minute & didn't have them in my
kitchen). Instead I used fresh spinach, red peppers, and powdered ginger. It
turned out great, and I love that you can sub this or that to tailor the
recipe to your tastes.

YogaMom

Rating: 5 stars

02/04/2014

LOVE it!

nggalanos

Rating: 5 stars

11/06/2017

I made these and they were very good and no changes to the recipe

Gisla Dewey

Rating: 5 stars

11/09/2017

Did not make any changes. The spring rolls are easy to make, light, and very
tasty. I will make them again soon.

Meera Menon

Rating: 4 stars

10/09/2017

Amazing! Can you make this without any peanuts?

albee

Rating: 2 stars

11/08/2017

This recipe calls for one pound of watercress. That is a huge amount. Overall
this is not that great a recipe. Cutting chicken in one inch chunks and trying
to get those in a rice wrap is not easy. It's not bad; just something I'm not
going to try again.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

##  All Reviews for Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 594.6  

% Daily Value *

protein:  46.9g  94 %

carbohydrates:  40.5g  13 %

dietary fiber:  8g  32 %

sugars:  7.6g

fat:  30.5g  47 %

saturated fat:  6.4g  32 %

cholesterol:  71.3mg  24 %

vitamin a iu:  10479.1IU  210 %

niacin equivalents:  27.3mg  210 %

vitamin b6:  1.1mg  68 %

vitamin c:  101.6mg  169 %

folate:  158.8mcg  40 %

calcium:  236.4mg  24 %

iron:  4.9mg  27 %

magnesium:  165.7mg  59 %

potassium:  1343.1mg  38 %

sodium:  646.6mg  26 %

thiamin:  0.4mg  40 %

calories from fat:  274.5

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 36

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

1 of 10 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

sydnee

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

2 of 10 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

Mehak Ijaz

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

3 of 10 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

Amanda Potter

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

4 of 10 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

Rebecca Humrich

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

5 of 10 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

Terry Heffernan

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

6 of 10 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

Dawn Morrison

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

7 of 10 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

kimr

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

8 of 10 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

cajuntexas

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

9 of 10 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

Nichole O'Rourke Bowling

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

10 of 10 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

Kitchengardner

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

11 of 10 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

lutzflcat

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Thai Chicken Spring Rolls to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Thai Chicken Spring Rolls

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

