https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12768/lemony-steamed-fish/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Main Dishes
  4. Seafood Main Dishes
  5. Halibut
  6. Lemony Steamed Fish

# Lemony Steamed Fish

Rating: 4 stars 4.2

166 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 78 
  * 4 star values: 59 
  * 3 star values: 19 
  * 2 star values: 8 
  * 1 star values: 2 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 166 Ratings 
  * 112 Reviews 
  * 10 Photos 

Mild flavored, flaky fish fillets. Any number of different types of fish will
work, and you can increase the recipe easily. Try halibut, cod, salmon, red
snapper, trout, etc. Serve with a white and wild rice blend.

Recipe by DHERDEBU

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Lemony Steamed Fish

Add Photo

Lemony Steamed Fish RusoJap

Lemony Steamed Fish melissa

Lemony Steamed Fish adamg8r

Lemony Steamed Fish KellyDB

\+ 6 6 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

30 mins

total:

45 mins

Servings:

6

Yield:

6 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 6 (6 ounce) halibut fillets 
  * 1 tablespoon dried dill weed 
  * 1 tablespoon onion powder 
  * 2 teaspoons dried parsley 
  * ¼ teaspoon paprika 
  * 1 pinch seasoned salt, or more to taste 
  * 1 pinch lemon pepper 
  * 1 pinch garlic powder 
  * 2 tablespoons lemon juice 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Cut 6 foil squares large enough for each fillet.

  * Step 3

Center fillets on the foil squares and sprinkle each with dill weed, onion
powder, parsley, paprika, seasoned salt, lemon pepper, and garlic powder.
Sprinkle lemon juice over each fillet. Fold foil over fillets to make a pocket
and fold the edges to seal. Place sealed packets on a baking sheet.

  * Step 4

Bake in the preheated oven until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 30
minutes.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

142 calories; protein 29.7g; carbohydrates 1.9g; fat 1.1g; cholesterol 60.7mg;
sodium 183.9mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (112)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

03/27/2001

Instead of using onion powder I used 1/4 cup of onion. Also added 1/2 tsp of
garlic puree and used 1/4 cup lemon juice. Baked all cod together in one dish
covered with aluminum foil. Excellent! Served with BROCCOLI WITH LEMON ALMOND
BUTTER and 1/2 cup basmati rice. DELICIOUS!

Read More

Helpful (48)

### Most helpful critical review

naples34102

Rating: 3 stars

01/11/2013

Had I prepared this recipe as written, I'm not so sure I would really have
rated it these three stars, which I consider average. No fat? No butter, no
drizzle of olive oil, nothing? And then steamed? Our taste buds like the
flavor and mouth feel fat contributes! It gives the fish a nice golden color
too. So anyway, it was a no brainer for me to do it my own way - drizzled with
melted butter and baked. I did use halibut, but in the interest of simplicity
I didn't use all the many seasonings called for. Some fresh dill, garlic
powder, paprika (for color, basically), salt and pepper and a squeeze of lemon
juice was just what this needed. Cooking time will vary depending on the
thickness of the fish, but in my case 12 minutes at 400 degrees was just right
for perfectly cooked, perfectly golden and flaky filets - and much improved
from the three stars I've rated this as written.

Read More

Helpful (39)

166 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 78 
  * 4 star values: 59 
  * 3 star values: 19 
  * 2 star values: 8 
  * 1 star values: 2 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

03/27/2001

Instead of using onion powder I used 1/4 cup of onion. Also added 1/2 tsp of
garlic puree and used 1/4 cup lemon juice. Baked all cod together in one dish
covered with aluminum foil. Excellent! Served with BROCCOLI WITH LEMON ALMOND
BUTTER and 1/2 cup basmati rice. DELICIOUS!

APRILMILLER

Rating: 4 stars

04/15/2002

I tried the recipe on Red Snapper. This is a really easy, low-fat recipe, and
uses items that you are likely to have on hand. The description is correct-the
flavor is mild. Unfortunately, it was too mild for our taste. I might try it
again, but will look for an additional ingredient to give it more flavor.

naples34102

Rating: 3 stars

01/11/2013

Had I prepared this recipe as written, I'm not so sure I would really have
rated it these three stars, which I consider average. No fat? No butter, no
drizzle of olive oil, nothing? And then steamed? Our taste buds like the
flavor and mouth feel fat contributes! It gives the fish a nice golden color
too. So anyway, it was a no brainer for me to do it my own way - drizzled with
melted butter and baked. I did use halibut, but in the interest of simplicity
I didn't use all the many seasonings called for. Some fresh dill, garlic
powder, paprika (for color, basically), salt and pepper and a squeeze of lemon
juice was just what this needed. Cooking time will vary depending on the
thickness of the fish, but in my case 12 minutes at 400 degrees was just right
for perfectly cooked, perfectly golden and flaky filets - and much improved
from the three stars I've rated this as written.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/13/2001

I used rainbow trout with this recipe and also added a splash of both white
wine and extra virgin olive oil to each packet. It turned out delicious. I
will make this again.

Matt

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2010

My family loved this recipe. ...although I used Talapia fillets instead. I did
not change any ingredients and I will use this recipe again because it is so
healthy and I just had a heart attack last week... so I'm changing what my
family and I eat (with their support) and taking up long, brisk walks again.
I'm 47, blessed to be alive and I've been given a second chance after being so
close to death.

Robbie Rice

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2001

Very easy and tastes great. I baked mine in a Reynolds Foil Bag at 425 degrees
for 30 min with some fresh veggies. Healthy meal - no mess!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

11/30/2001

This was really easy and my husband LOVED it. I added quite a bit more lemon
pepper than was called for and served it with buttered basmati rice and peas.
The rice nicely cut the spicy pepper for a great flavor. I will definitely
make it again!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

07/13/2001

It was good but a little too much dill for our tastes. Next time, I will
adjust seasonings and also shorten the cooking time. The fish was slightly
overcooked and dry, which happens easily with halibut.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

04/21/2003

Excellent recipe! We used Tilapia and it turned out wonderful. A suggestion
would be to add an ice cube to the packet for a little more moisture.

Mary Ellen

Rating: 5 stars

01/31/2001

This was wonderful! I used cod and cooked it in my steamer. It was flaky and
very flavorful. I used the sauce to pour over the top of the fish and the rice
I had. Hopefully this recipe will encourage me to eat more fish!

CrystalGayle

Rating: 4 stars

12/12/2005

From frozen takes double the amount of time!!!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/22/2002

This was the first recipe I tried from this website, and it was excellent! I
can't believe my fish tasted like a a really good restaurant's!

YOGIMOM

Rating: 4 stars

01/17/2001

This was a great, easy way to make a yummy and healthy fresh fish dish. I
added fresh green beans to the packet and steamed it along with the fish. I
also took the leftover juice, reduced it in a frying pan adding lots more
lemon juice to make a nice tangy sauce to pour over the fish!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

04/04/2001

I used swordfish steaks. They were awesome. Great recipe!

Kermie4

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2003

This recipe was excellent! Very easy. I used Basa Filllets. I added a pat of
butter to each fillet and a little dry white wine. Very yummy! We poured the
liquid in the foil over mashed potatoes. Will definitely make this again.

Denise

Rating: 5 stars

05/07/2008

This was wonderful! Very easy and delicious. Will definitely make it again.

kelcampbell

Allstar

Rating: 3 stars

10/26/2005

We liked this dish - although I did change a few things. First of all, I used
haddock instead of halibut, and I scaled the recipe to 2 servings. I didn't
measure any of the ingredients I used, I just sort of sprinkled everything on
top. The only thing I omitted was the onion powder because I was out. One
thing to watch for....some lemon pepper seasonings have salt in them - as was
the case with ours. The combination of the seasoned salt and the (salty) lemon
pepper was a bit too salty for us...but still good. I will make this dish
again - very quick and simple to throw together on a week night.

Flashsmith

Rating: 4 stars

02/18/2003

Very good and light. I added sliced fresh lemon to the top of mine (as one
reviewer suggested) and I wish I hadn't. It made the fish bitter. Other than
that we all thought it was delicious. I did add more seasonings and used fresh
onion and garlic. I try to use fresh whenever I can.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

08/09/2000

YUK

FRANCESA

Rating: 5 stars

01/07/2003

This is a great recipe - especially for people who are picky about fish. The
spices were a great combination , but I used a lot more lemon juice and baked
it for about an hour. It was also great beause the clean up was a snap :)

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

05/30/2000

I made this for Christmas dinner and it was a major success. Incredibly easy
but very elegant. Try adding onions, mushrooms and other vegetables to the
foil packet for a complete dinner.

SCHELLY_98

Rating: 5 stars

01/09/2003

Very good, we used salmon. The only change would be to add fresh sliced lemons
to the top of the fish while baking.

clemery

Rating: 5 stars

08/20/2006

Loved this recipe - I was only dealing with 1 orange roughy filet, so I just
sprinkled some of each seasoning directly onto the filet without any
measuring, and squeezed fresh lemon juice directly onto the filet, also. The
combination of seasonings was excellent, I loved the flavor - I will
definitely make this one again, even hubby, not a fish eater, didn't have a
complaint!

lisa

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2014

Originally I used this on trout. Left out the lemon pepper because I didn't
have it & didn't measure the spices, just eyeballed them. I did add a bit of
butter to the packets. This was incredibly flavorful & I have since used this
spice combination to use on my baked fish also(pollock & cod)! I'm addicted &
for that you get 5 stars!!! Fabulous!!

DAQUIL

Rating: 5 stars

10/13/2004

I liked this so much that I made it twice in one week! I used salmon filets. I
did cut back on the dill and increase the lemon pepper and garlic powder a bit
the first time. The second time, I added even more lemon pepper. It came out a
bit spicy, but the men in the family loved it! I will make this again. Also, I
took the advice of another reviewer and popped a small ice cube instead of
using white wine and it was very moist.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/08/2003

At least 5 stars. Next time I will try sprinkling seasoned bread crumbs and
dotting with butter. Hard to improve on the original.(My wife hates when I
deviate from the original) Nat

WORSHIPWARRIORMT

Rating: 5 stars

12/25/2006

Very good fish

MICKE

Rating: 5 stars

04/17/2004

I've used this on: salmon, halibut, haddock, bluefish, well, you get the idea.
It's great on all of them we've tried. I really just sprinkle each of the
spices on both sides of the fish, going a little heavier on the lemon pepper,
because that's what we prefer. THANKS!!

HrCreuzi

Rating: 3 stars

04/22/2011

This is an ok dish. It didn't smell all that great coming out of the oven. I
only cooked them 25 minutes and that was more than enough. It was certainly
edible, but bland to me.

Gina

Rating: 3 stars

10/02/2014

My dish did not look anything like the picture. I was very disappointed, I
used Tilapia and it was thin and small and in the picture the fish was plump
and it had such a beautiful color mine was dark in color not sure why maybe
too much Dill Weed. Will try a different fish and less dill.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

08/20/2000

My husband loves this recipe! He says it's the best he's ever had. We make it
with orange roughy and everyone, even my confirmed fish-haters, will eat it.
We've passed it on to several people who enjoyed it as well.

Akubra17

Rating: 2 stars

02/15/2007

This was quite edible, but I just didn't find it very interesting.

NJSS2000

Rating: 4 stars

07/21/2012

Very good low fat dinner with this recipe. I used cod and all the ingredients
but eyeballed the amount I sprinkled on the fish. Very nice mild flavor.

Robin Doughty

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2005

I used orange roughy it was so delicious! It had a wonderful flavor even
without any oil or butter. I use all purpose Greek Seasoning as my season
salt. I used fresh crushed garlic instead of powder and didn't have onion
powder so I omitted. It is great to have recipes like this for a husband
watching his cholesterol! Thank you.

Liz.L

Rating: 5 stars

03/31/2008

This can beat the Chinese restaurant steamed fish! I used a steamer instead of
oven. I added 2 tablespoons of white vinegar, honey and tomato, and steamed
the fish with all ingredients for 20 minutes. It turned out fantastic! The
gravy is just good for the rice, everybody loved it! It's simple, healthy and
delicious!

sarahhouston

Rating: 4 stars

10/08/2005

Delicious recipe, but I think that my fish fillets were too thin for the
amount of spice in this recipe. They came out of the oven with an overpowering
lemon flavour. I'd make it again.

KELSTAR26

Rating: 5 stars

04/01/2004

Very Good recipe! Perfect amount of seasonings, not too overpowering, very
light and refreshing as well. Easy too

Michele

Rating: 4 stars

07/02/2013

good, basic

heavensway

Rating: 3 stars

04/25/2013

this recipe was ok, it needed more flavor

AEMAZA

Rating: 4 stars

05/28/2005

This was simple and terrific. Made this with one huge steelhead trout fillet
for 5 people...used all ingredients except parsley and just adjusted to our
taste...used more lemon juice and baked at 400. Definitely tasty. Probably
better this way because all the spice went on one fish and didn't have to be
divided...plenty of tasty flavor. Will DEFINITELY use over and over.

ajschueler

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2010

I used tilapia to make this recipe. It needed to cook about 18 minutes. The
spice combination gave the fish great flavor. This will become a new staple in
my recipe box.

CHETNEY

Rating: 5 stars

06/10/2004

this is a great recipe, simple,fragrant, and i dont have to worry about clean
up!! perfect!

Adrienne C

Rating: 4 stars

03/30/2004

Very good and easy to make. I baked the fish (blue hake fillets) in a glass
casserole dish, covering the top with foil, drizzling olive oil over the fish
before adding the spices and lemon juice. You can adjust the amount of spices
to make it as mild or as spicy as you wish. My family really enjoyed this;
I'll be making it again.

Bethany

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2003

This recipe was incredibly easy and tasty. It's a good way to make not-so-
fabulous fish great. Since it's just to two of us so far, and we are often
eating in a rush, this recipe helped me make a nice meal fast when I served it
with rice and steamed veggies. I think I used Whiting filets.

THUMPER3

Rating: 5 stars

05/30/2005

This was an excellent recipe! Very quick, easy and tasty! I will definately be
making this one again.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2005

This was so delicious and easy to make. Everyone in my family loved it. I used
salmon, but am eager to try with other types of fish.

RACHELLE

Rating: 4 stars

12/07/2007

I also used the Pampered Chef Dill Mix and the dish came out beautifully.

jadmay81

Rating: 3 stars

07/09/2013

Pretty good!

Danny Lopez

Rating: 5 stars

01/14/2015

Awesome! Easy and delicious! I made it just like the recipe but instead of
measuring I just sprinkled the filets. It was AMAZING! My 6-year old loved it
which is the biggest compliment a cook/recipe can get. I have officially added
a new staple to the meals I will cook from here on out. This may make it into
the weekly rotation! Also: I served it as fish tacos. Corn tortillas with a
little cabbage and salsa. Also served with black beans and rice. Simply
amazing because of how simple this was! Loved it!

Patrick W

Rating: 5 stars

12/21/2000

Added the vegetables. Wonderful

Lece

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2005

This fish was awesome! It's by far the best fish I've ever cooked. I don't
have onion powder, so I finely diced some onion, and I used the juice of half
a lemon and sliced the other half and placed over the fish. I also put about 1
tsp of wine in each package. I don't think I used enough fish, it made enough
for 3 real size servings, but I kept the spices roughly the same. I used
frozen dill and parsley instead of dried. I can't wait to make it again!!
Thanks a bunch!!!

Rikki Wendt Arndt

Rating: 5 stars

11/13/2009

My picky 7 year old asked me to make this again. I ended up using orange
roughy because it was more economical. I am thinking about trying it with
salmon next time.

JaneMan

Rating: 2 stars

10/10/2008

Not too tasty in my opinion.

karin

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2014

very good

MEGMCD

Rating: 4 stars

12/19/2004

Easy & yummy!

Asimonelli

Rating: 5 stars

01/08/2003

I add olive oil and it tastes much better!

MAMASPICE

Rating: 4 stars

08/18/2007

Used Emmeril's Original Essence and Pampered Chef Dill mix (eyeballed it).
Sprayed fish with butter flavored Pam first to give some extra buttery flavor
and "hold" the spices. Next time I will try the white wine with it too. Served
with Parmasean Rice mix and steamed veggies. Good with a nice light Pinot
Grigot wine.

Sonya A

Rating: 4 stars

11/16/2004

I had to make modifications to this just cuz I didn't have what was on hand
like tin foil ;) So I baked it in my corningware and used olive oil. It turned
out very good even my 2 boys liked it. Thanks!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 3 stars

03/15/2005

I did not think that this was very good, nor did my family members. I think
the dill was way to overpowering. It would probably have been better with alot
less of it.

CWG25

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2005

Easy and very, very good. I didn't have any lemon pepper but I squeezed about
2-3 TB of lemon juice on each trout fillet and topped them with a slice of
lemon. I also used a few pinches of bread crumbs. I'll make this again soon.

spice of life

Rating: 3 stars

02/23/2014

Good flavor, but nothing special. Very healthy--oved that part. May try again
with different fish. I used halibut this time.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

08/28/2005

mmmmmmmmmmmmm good...... i highly recommend this! very easy and very tasty

KAIRBEAR

Rating: 5 stars

06/27/2004

This recipe works great with halibut! It's very quick and easy. I use fresh
garlic, fresh dill and sometimes, just a little butter. It's always a hit!

Barb Kavorkian

Rating: 5 stars

09/01/2011

Had this tonight and it was very simple and very good! I made this with Cod I
had and did not add any salt to this as I am watching my salt intake and I
tell you, I did not miss it at all! I did add a tiny bit of butter and after
squeezing fresh lemon over them, I put a whole slice on top of the fish and
dill. Yummy!! Thank you very very much!!

Fou Fou

Rating: 1 stars

07/21/2005

The house smelled AWFUL from baking these fish. We all normally enjoy fish
(even the kids) but NO ONE wanted to finnish this plate. Sorry, but I would
not recommend this one to anyone.

jowens08

Rating: 4 stars

01/15/2013

Made as written, except put all the fish in a baking dish and covered tightly
with foil. Didn't measure spices, just sprinkled on. Turned out very nicely. A
great way to easily cook up white fish for dinner.

Tberkley

Rating: 4 stars

05/03/2015

This was pretty good and I think with a little tweaking for personal taste it
would be a great go-to recipe. I'll be reducing the dried dill by half,
increasing the garlic and adding a little cayenne.

Gail Tisius

Rating: 5 stars

12/04/2014

This turned out perfectly, and I'm terrible when it comes to fish. The cooking
time was spot on.

VICTORIAJ

Rating: 4 stars

01/01/2004

I used a bit more spices than called for, but the fish was still a bit bland.
However, the fish was still really good and it's a easy, healthy meal.

MRSJTG

Rating: 5 stars

10/01/2003

Delicious, and sooooo easy! Great to make after working all day.

Volleyballmom

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

04/22/2014

Wish I would have read the reviews before I made this. It needs some kind of
fat-evoo, butter, something. The cook time was too long. It was dried out.
Other than that, the flavours were pretty good. It was easy enough for sure.
Thx DHERDEBU

Syndell Collins

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2014

Absolutely wonderful love the dill! The only change I made was adding a splash
of Pinot Gigio to the packet and when it finished added the liquid from each
packet to a pot with more wine and reduced it to a sauce to top the fish. This
was my first time cooking halibut and second cooking fish at home, this will
certainly be on the menu again! Served with the pasta e olio recipe and
asparagus.

Kristen

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2016

Tastes as if it is awful for you (healthwise) but it is super nutritious and
easy to make! Will definitely make it again!

Sharon

Rating: 5 stars

01/11/2019

I have made this numerous times and it is so delicious! One of my husbands
favorites.

David Micetic

Rating: 4 stars

06/04/2018

I had fresh red snapper from Mexico, and made the recipe with the ingredients
as listed. The only variance was that I cooked it wrapped in foil on the
barbeque. Fish was tender, moist and flavorful.

MaggieMay

Rating: 3 stars

06/28/2006

I followed this recipe almost exactly (used a little bit of butter) and served
with rice pilaf and broccoli. Very healthy but not very flavorful. My
boyfriend loved it but I'm not sold. Sorry.

RusoJap

Rating: 4 stars

01/15/2021

Not bad at all. Everyone finished their plates with good compliments.

BadLittleChef

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2016

This was a fabulous dish. I actually used chilean sea bass. The flavours were
nice but did not overwhelm the bass. Will definitely make this again and again
and try different fish.

CARTHECOOK

Rating: 3 stars

02/05/2005

This was a good and simple way to serve fish. I will have it again.

STERASINSKI

Rating: 2 stars

11/05/2003

Weird...all those spices and no flavor. I used red snapper. I would change it
a lot if I made it again but I liked "steaming" it. Much healthier than some
other methods.

Snow likes to cook

Rating: 4 stars

09/20/2004

pretty good. could use more lemon though.

Ginger71

Rating: 5 stars

07/04/2007

Very good recipe! I did add a little bit of olive oil and had no dill but what
a great way to cook fish. I also wanted to say that of course your huse is
going to smell like fish if you cook it (in reference to one of the other poor
reviews.) It's a great recipe that deserves 5 stars because it's yummy!!!!!!!

FKM

Rating: 4 stars

06/12/2006

This was a huge success! I used fresh orange roughy because that's all my
grocer had. I added little bits of butter and a splash of white wine to each
foil packet as others suggested in their reviews. I forgot to add the lemon
juice, but it tasted wonderful anyway. My kitchen smelled so good while it was
baking. I served it with rice and cheesy vegetables. Thanks for this recipe! I
will use it again and again.

DIEM

Rating: 1 stars

02/12/2006

Very bland and tasteless. I didn't like the smell of the fish afterward.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

01/04/2001

quick, easy and really good! add mushrooms, squash and onions.

eli2183

Rating: 4 stars

05/09/2013

turned out good, may add a splash on white wine next time to pep up the flavor
a little. Otherwise followed the recipe exactly and while good it is very mild

LMS

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2021

This turned out great! The only thing I changed was to use tilapia and based
on other reviews I added some butter. It was moist and flavorable and will use
this recipe again

Karrie Mac

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2015

Winner, winner, salmon dinner!

hellyeah!

Rating: 2 stars

09/24/2017

Recipe doesn't specify whether the ingredients are for all 6 pieces of cod, or
for each piece of cod. Came out pretty tasteless. I even put a little white
wine in it while baking, still not impressed. IF I made it again, I would try
using fresh dill, not dry powdered herbs. not impressed with recipe as is.

Tashina

Rating: 5 stars

03/31/2018

The only change I made is using cod instead. This recipe is fantastic! Thank
you for sharing.

Michelle Rogers

Rating: 4 stars

10/11/2015

Season to taste. I added more of everything. Including 1 tsp of fresh lemon
juice per fish. Great tasting and such an easy meal.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

02/20/2003

I find that lemon baked with fish makes the fish taste a little bit fishy.
Next time I will serve lemon at the table, to squeeze onto the already baked
fish. A tiny bit dry, also, so I might add a tiny tough of butter next time.
Otherwise, great and I will definitely cook this again.

LanaShoaf

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2013

I've been married and cooking for at least one other person for 13 years and
I've always been afraid of fish. Today, I made this recipe because I thought
it looked simple enough. Not only was it simple, but the clean-up was easy and
the fish was tasty. I CAN prepare fish!!!!! I'm so excited to have made this
break-through:) It was a winner with my husband, and also for my 4 kids
too...who are not used to eating fish (shocking, I know!). I used tilapia
fillets from the frozen section of the grocery. I think I'll visit that
section again soon!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2006

DELICIOUS!!! THE BEST FISH WE HAVE EVER EATEN!!!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!

AlxsMom521

Rating: 4 stars

09/16/2015

I gave 4 out of 5 stars only because I made a few changes - but this was
AMAZING! Changes: (1) I used fresh dill rather than dried (2) I took out the
salt and garlic power and used Salt Free Garlic and Herb seasoning (3) I used
cracked pepper instead of the Lemon Pepper seasoning (4) I added a very thin
slice of lemon, placed over the fish before baking

Ruth Weir

Rating: 2 stars

02/14/2017

Premix the spices so you have more control for each fillet. Tried it on Red
Snapper. It was ok but I've enjoyed other recipes way more. Good if you want
no fat but not my first choice.

Jamie Stonbraker

Rating: 3 stars

04/18/2007

This was ok. In my opinion it was too seasoned, but I also didn't measure out
the spices, I just sprinkled. My husband thought it was good, but would have
been just as happy with butter and lemon juice.

Maureen

Rating: 5 stars

04/11/2017

Nice blend of flavors and easy dish to prepare. Still tasty and moist as
leftovers the following night.

Crystal Rabara

Rating: 4 stars

04/20/2015

DELICIOUS! I did use sliced onion instead of onion powder, and chopped garlic
instead of garlic salt to have a fresher taste.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Lemony Steamed Fish

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Lemony Steamed Fish

##  All Reviews for Lemony Steamed Fish

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Lemony Steamed Fish

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 142.4  

% Daily Value *

protein:  29.7g  59 %

carbohydrates:  1.9g  1 %

dietary fiber:  0.3g  1 %

sugars:  0.6g

fat:  1.1g  2 %

saturated fat:  0.1g  1 %

cholesterol:  60.7mg  20 %

vitamin a iu:  143.8IU  3 %

niacin equivalents:  8.4mg  65 %

vitamin b6:  0.6mg  35 %

vitamin c:  6.6mg  11 %

folate:  11.5mcg  3 %

calcium:  28.5mg  3 %

iron:  0.9mg  5 %

magnesium:  40.2mg  14 %

potassium:  606.4mg  17 %

sodium:  183.9mg  7 %

calories from fat:  9.8

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Lemony Steamed Fish

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 112

Lemony Steamed Fish

1 of 10 Lemony Steamed Fish

RusoJap

Lemony Steamed Fish

2 of 10 Lemony Steamed Fish

melissa

Lemony Steamed Fish

3 of 10 Lemony Steamed Fish

adamg8r

Lemony Steamed Fish

4 of 10 Lemony Steamed Fish

KellyDB

Lemony Steamed Fish

5 of 10 Lemony Steamed Fish

Johnny Burns

Lemony Steamed Fish

6 of 10 Lemony Steamed Fish

Julienne Taylor

Lemony Steamed Fish

7 of 10 Lemony Steamed Fish

Gina

Lemony Steamed Fish

8 of 10 Lemony Steamed Fish

Sandra

Lemony Steamed Fish

9 of 10 Lemony Steamed Fish

Paula

Lemony Steamed Fish

10 of 10 Lemony Steamed Fish

naples34102

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Lemony Steamed Fish to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Lemony Steamed Fish

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

