https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/crisp-lemon-fish/e7936c5c-bb2f-4697-89ad-c70aeb727d1c


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Crisp lemon fish

  * _20m_ prep
  * _15m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

9

Save Recipe

515 people saved this

Packed with protein, this recipe for crisp lemon fish makes a quick, low-fat,
not to mention easy, family meal.

C

Claire Brookman

951 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain gluten, wheat, sulphites and fish.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 9 Ingredients 
  * 4 Method Steps 

#### 9 Ingredients

  * 1/3 cup flat-leaf parsley leaves 

  * 1 cup fine semolina 

  * 2 large lemons, rind finely grated 

  * 800g flathead fillets, skin removed 

  * 1 red onion, halved, sliced 

  * olive oil cooking spray 

  * 4 tomatoes, cut into 1cm cubes 

  * 1 tbsp balsamic vinegar 

  * lemon wedges, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 4 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Preheat a barbecue plate on medium heat. Finely chop 1 tablespoon parsley
leaves. Combine chopped parsley, semolina and 1 tablespoon lemon rind in a
shallow dish. Coat each fish fillet in semolina mixture.

  * Step 2

Place onion in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave, uncovered, on HIGH (100%) for
1 to 1 1/2 minutes or until soft. Lightly spray onions with oil. Spoon onto
barbecue plate and cook for 4 to 5 minutes or until light golden. Transfer to
a bowl.

  * Step 3

Lightly spray both sides of fish fillets with oil. Cook on barbecue plate for
3 to 5 minutes each side or until golden and cooked through.

  * Step 4

Add tomatoes and remaining parsley leaves to onion. Drizzle with vinegar and
season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Place fish on plates. Serve with
tomato salad and lemon.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

0 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

515 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Louise Lister

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  2. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  3. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  4. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  5. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  6. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  7. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  8. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

