https://stripedspatula.com/fried-wonton-strips/


Search

  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * About
    * About Striped Spatula
    * About Amanda Biddle
    * Work with Me
    * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Press
  * Recipes
    * Winter Recipes
    * Instant Pot
    * Appetizers
    * Entrees
    * Side Dishes
    * Desserts
    * Soups & Stews
    * Pasta
    * View All Recipes
  * Subscribe
  * Contact

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * About
    * About Striped Spatula
    * About Amanda Biddle
    * Work with Me
    * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Press
  * Recipes
    * Winter Recipes
    * Instant Pot
    * Appetizers
    * Entrees
    * Side Dishes
    * Desserts
    * Soups & Stews
    * View All Recipes
  * Subscribe
  * Contact

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter

×

Home » Appetizers » Fried Wonton Strips (Restaurant Style)

# Fried Wonton Strips (Restaurant Style)

Published: January 2, 2019 | Last updated: August 7, 2020 | by Amanda Biddle
10 Comments

Jump to Recipe Save RecipeSaved!

_These crispy Fried Wonton Strips are just like the ones served in American
Chinese restaurants and with your takeout order. Don 't forget the duck sauce
and hot mustard for dipping. Air fryer instructions included in the recipe
notes._

When we go out for American Chinese food, I tend to know in the first five
minutes if it's a place I'm going to love, based on the type of fried wonton
strips that arrive at the table.

If they're fresh, crisp, and light-textured, I have good feelings about the
dinner to follow. (Bonus points if they're still warm from the fryer!) If
they're stale, heavy, or taste of the oil they were fried in, I can't help but
approach the menu with a twinge of skepticism.

Granted, it might not be totally fair to judge a whole meal by the menu-
perusing snack. But, in my experience, a great bowl of fried wonton strips has
always led to a satisfying meal.

Recreating the best fried wonton strips at home from your favorite restaurants
is incredibly easy! So, whether you're planning a whole Asian-inspired
"takeout fakeout" dinner, or you're just craving a crispy snack, you can cozy
up to a bowl of wonton strips in **  40 minutes or less** from prep to finish.

## What Kind of Wonton Wrappers Should I Buy?

You can buy wonton wrappers (skins) at most **regular grocery stores** and
**Asian specialty markets**. You'll find them in the refrigerated case in both
places.

I like to shop for the wrappers at the Asian market whenever I can. The
selection is usually more varied and the turnover rate higher. First and
foremost, to make restaurant-style strips, you'll want to look for wrappers
that are square in shape rather than the round gyoza used for potstickers.

In examining the wonton wrappers available, you might have a choice of
thickness. I tend to buy wonton skins that are of **thin or medium
thickness**. I find that the thicker wrappers are a bit heavy when fried.

Particularly at the Asian market, you'll find wonton skins that are yellow and
white. The yellow wrappers contain egg, and the white (Shanghai style) do not.
**You can make fried wonton strips with either variety.** I personally like
the lighter feel of the Shanghai-style wonton wrappers when they're fried.

_Fun cooking project: Want to make these totally from scratch? Try
making_homemade wonton wrappers _!_

  

## Frying Crispy Wonton Strips

### **What Equipment Do I Need?**

You only need a few items to make restaurant-style fried wonton strips at
home, a few of which are common kitchen tools:

  1. A **heavy, deep pot** that can safely accommodate the oil bubbling up a bit when the wontons are added.
  2. A candy or frying thermometer that clips to the side of the pot to keep an accurate read on the oil temperature as you're frying. You can also use some probe thermometers with a pot clip. The important part is that you're able to monitor the oil temperature throughout the frying process, and between batches.
  3. A spider strainer or a slotted spoon to both move the wonton strips around in the pot and remove them when they're finished frying.  The spider is basically a little mesh basket attached to a bamboo handle. The design is excellent for safely moving foods when deep frying.
  4. A **plate, baking sheet, or cooling rack** lined with paper towels to drain the fried wonton strips.

### What Kind of Oil Should I Use?

I like to use either **peanut oil or vegetable oil** for deep frying. Both are
neutral flavored and have a high smoke point. They can handle the amount of
heat needed to make sure that your wonton strips fry up crispy without
absorbing too much oil.

##

## Serving Fried Wonton Strips

I love to serve the wontons while they're still a bit warm. Just like at my
favorite Chinese restaurants, small bowls of **duck sauce and hot mustard** on
the side are great for dipping. Both of these items are typically available in
the International section at the grocery store, or at the Asian market.

While they're a great appetizer, crispy wonton strips are a nice addition to
other courses, too. They bring a delicious crunch to Mandarin Orange Chicken
Salad and we love them served alongside steamy Hot and Sour Soup.

A bowlful of fried wonton strips is also a great snack for Game Day parties as
an **alternative to chips**. You could even go for an entire Asian themed
finger food menu with Sticky Wings, Egg Rolls, and Coconut Shrimp.

For easy entertaining, you can **make these strips a day or two in advance**
and store them, tightly covered at room temperature. If you want to serve them
warm, just spread them into a single layer on a baking sheet, and bake for 1-2
minutes at 350 degrees F.

## Video Recap:

## Fried Wonton Strips

Takeout Fakeout! These crispy fried wonton strips are an easy way to bring a
taste of your favorite Chinese-American restaurants home.

Print Pin Rate Save Saved!

Course: Snack

Cuisine: Asian

Prep Time: 20 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 40 minutes

Servings: 8 to 10 servings

Estimated Calories Per Serving: 258kcal

Author: Amanda Biddle

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 package large wonton wrappers
  * ▢ vegetable oil or peanut oil , for frying
  * ▢ duck sauce and Chinese style hot mustard , for serving

### Instructions

  * Pour about 1-1/2 to 2 inches of oil into a deep, heavy-bottomed pot. Heat to 360 degrees F, clipping a candy thermometer to the side of the pot to regulate the temperature.

  * While the oil is heating, cut as many wonton wrappers as you would like to serve into 3/4-inch wide strips. Keep wontons covered with a towel while you finish heating the oil.

  * Line a baking sheet or cooling rack with a double layer of paper towels. Set aside. 

  * When the oil reaches temperature, carefully add a handful of wonton strips to the pot. They will immediately puff up. Fry for 1-2 minutes, using a spider strainer or slotted spoon to move them around in the pot. When they're golden brown on all sides, drain them with the spider or slotted spoon and transfer them to the paper towel-lined baking sheet to cool. 

  * Let the oil return to 360 degrees F between each batch of wonton strips. (The temperature will drop about 10 degrees to 350 when the wontons are added.) 

  * Serve crispy wonton strips with duck sauce and/or Chinese mustard for dipping. Or, enjoy them with your favorite soups and salads.

* * *

### Notes

 _A note about peanut oil and allergies:_ While the FDA doesn't label highly-
refined peanut oil as an allergen, I always **tell my guests when I use any
kind of peanut oil.**  That way, they're aware and can decide for themselves
whether it's something they're able to eat.

### To make ahead and store:

Let the wonton strips cool completely before transferring to an airtight
container (I like to use a large cookie tin). They will keep well at room
temperature for 1-2 days.

### Air fryer Instructions:

You can make wonton strips in the air fryer, but the wontons won't puff up as
they do with the hot oil in deep frying. They do come crispy, but it's a
different chip in terms of texture. I like them for a lighter snack.

To make them, cut wontons into strips and spray them with cooking spray. Lay
them by the handful in a single layer in the air fryer basket. Air fry at 350
degrees F for 8-10 minutes, shaking the basket occasionally.

Air fryers can vary by model in terms of times and temperatures. Watch your
first batch closely to gauge how much time they need.

### Nutrition Estimate

Calories: 258kcal | Carbohydrates: 32g | Protein: 5g | Fat: 11g | Saturated
Fat: 9g | Cholesterol: 5mg | Sodium: 324mg | Potassium: 46mg | Fiber: 1g |
Vitamin A: 10IU | Calcium: 27mg | Iron: 1.9mg

* * *

About our Recipes:Please note that our recipes have been developed using the
US Customary measurement system and have not been tested for high
altitude/elevation cooking and baking.

Keywords: crispy Chinese noodles, crispy wonton strips, fried wonton strips

Have you made this recipe?Don't forget to leave a comment and rate the recipe
below! Take a picture and tag @stripedspatula and #stripedspatula on Instagram
for a chance to be featured in our Insta Stories and newsletter!

Share this recipe:

  *   *   *   *   * 

Filed Under: Appetizers, Snacks Tagged With: Asian, deep fry, dinner, game
day, wonton

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Gary Balkam says

November 23, 2021 at 8:24 pm

Ooooohhh… amazing cook. You can fry pre made egg roll skins. I bet you think
Swansons in a microwave is home cooking too, don't you? LEARN TO COOK and THEN
post a page. Christ! How do you MAKE wonton skins? Hmmm? Make a page about
that.

Reply

    * Amanda Biddle says

November 24, 2021 at 5:50 am

Dear Mr. Balkam,  
I can only think that you must be having a very bad day to have such vitriol
for a tutorial on how to fry wonton strips. I sincerely hope that things
improve for you. That having been said, this post is mainly about the process
of frying the strips. Not all home cooks are comfortable with deep frying, and
this outlines the equipment needed and process for success. Had you taken the
time to read the article at all, you would’ve seen that a recipe for homemade
wonton skins is linked for those who prefer the experience of making this a
scratch cooking project.

Kind regards.

Reply

      * Karen says

December 27, 2021 at 9:05 am

Well said Amanda!

Reply

      * Ara says

May 15, 2022 at 10:37 pm

It takes so much willpower to respond with politeness. I think this recipe is
amazing!

Reply

  2. Highwaymiles says

October 07, 2020 at 2:06 pm

These are perfect. Just like at my favorite restaurant growing up. And so
easy! I don't know why I've always been intimidated at the idea of making
them. Thank you!

Reply

  3. Ava says

January 14, 2019 at 11:18 am

Made these over the weekend and they were gone in an hour. Just like the
restaurants if not better!

Reply

  4. Megan says

January 06, 2019 at 9:18 am

Can you use egg roll wrappers to make these? The store has egg rolls but not
wontons. I thought they were the same thing but wanted to check.

Reply

    * Amanda Biddle says

January 06, 2019 at 9:20 am

Hi Megan, yes, you can substitute egg roll wrappers. Since they're typically
much longer, I'd recommend cutting the sheets in half to make squares before
cutting into strips. Enjoy!

Reply

  5. Deanna says

January 05, 2019 at 7:17 pm

Now that I’ve made these at home and had them hot, I’ll never be thin again.
Lol!! I couldn’t find duck sauce (weird because I’ve bought it before), so we
dipped in peach apricot preserves. My husband wants me to make more for
watching the game.

Thanks! Love all your recipes.

Reply

  6. Amy says

January 03, 2019 at 8:01 pm

I made these tonight after drooling over your Instagram pic last night. These
are EXACTLY like the ones at the Chinese restaurant. So much for my new year’s
diet! These are awesome.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Don't subscribe All Replies to my comments Receive email notifications of
follow-up comments?

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

I'm Amanda, and I love to create seasonal recipes for every day and
entertaining. I'm inspired by the beauty of fresh ingredients and believe that
there are few bad days that can’t be improved with a warm baguette and a wedge
of Brie. ****

**More about me →**

* * *

### Trending Recipes

  * Split Pea Soup with Ham

  * Powdered Sugar Glaze (Basic Cake Glaze)

  * Slow Roasted Prime Rib (Standing Rib Roast)

  * Linguine with Clams (Linguine alle Vongole)

* * *

### As Seen On

* * *

View Web Stories

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

## Footer

* * *

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Information (CCPA)
  * Website Terms & Conditions
  * Recipe & Photo Reuse Terms

### Newsletter

  * Don't miss what's delicious! Subscribe for emails and updates.

### Contact

  * Contact
  * Partnership
  * FAQ

Copyright ©2014-2020. All rights reserved.  
Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the Privacy Policy and Terms and
Conditions linked above.

