https://pupswithchopsticks.com/crispy-fried-wonton-chips/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * How-To
  * search...

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * How-To
  * About
  * Contact

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * How-To
  * About
  * Contact

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

×

Home » Recipes » Appetizers & Snacks

# Crispy Fried Wonton Chips

Apr 25, 2022 • Author: Joyce • 12 Comments

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

**_Easy homemade crispy fried wonton strips made with wonton wrappers, just
like the ones served with sweet and sour sauce at the Chinese takeout
restaurants!_**

Table of Contents

  * Wonton Strips Ingredients and Substitutes
  * Dumpling Wrappers vs Wonton Wrappers
  * What Kind of Wrappers Should I Use?
  * Where to Buy Wonton Wrappers
  * How to Fold Wonton Shapes
  * What Kind of Oil Should I Use?
  * Tips
  * How to Make Fried Wonton Chips
  * Dipping Sauces
  * How to Store Them
  * FAQ
  * Takeout Recipes You May Like
  * Recipe Card
  * More Recipes to Try

Chinese crispy fried wonton chips are super easy to make and made with
dumplings or wonton wrappers (wonton skins). They are essentially wonton
wrappers that have been deep-fried in oil until they are crispy, and golden
brown and served with dipping sauce, or used as a salad or soup topper.

Whether you're having these crunchy fried wonton crisps as a snack or serving
them as an appetizer at a party, these delicious homemade crispy wonton chips
will always be a popular hit, especially when served with a classic Chinese
sweet and sour sauce as a dip!

If you're looking for something heartier than a simple deep-fried wonton
wrapper, you can use the wonton wrappers to make wonton dumplings by wrapping
them with shrimp and pork filling and deep fry the wonton dumpling as well! I
have a simple wonton dumpling recipe that I frequently use to deep fry into
delicious snacks.

You can also use wonton wrappers to make cheese wontons or crab rangoon (like
they have at the Asian restaurants) by wrapping them in a cream cheese filling
and deep-frying them, the possibilities are endless when it comes to using
wonton skins and takeout at home has never been so easy!

## **Wonton Strips Ingredients and Substitutes**

For this easy wonton chip recipe, you can use either wonton skins or dumpling
skins.

## **Dumpling Wrappers vs Wonton Wrappers**

Dumpling wrappers are a lot denser and thicker and contain no eggs so they
will produce a crunchier and denser chip. They are usually used to wrap
dumplings like gyoza that are meant to be pan-fried because they are a bit
sturdier and chewier.

Wonton wrappers are a lot thinner and delicate and usually contain eggs in
them which makes for a lighter chip. They are usually used for wonton
dumplings because it is silkier when cooked in a broth.

If you're looking for a **light crispy chip, then wonton wrappers are the way
to go** , but if you're like me and like your **chips more crunchy then
dumpling wrappers will be your go-to** for that.

## **What Kind of Wrappers Should I Use?**

There is no right or wrong type of wrapper for this recipe, you should base
the type of skins you want to use on the texture you enjoy the most. Wonton
chips are not limited to just wonton skins, and there are actually a few
options that you can use to make them.

Here are a few options to get you started.

  * **Dumpling Wrappers** \- Dumpling skins will create a crunchy and thicker chip. Most Chinese restaurants around my area use this type of wrapper for wonton chips.
  *  **Wonton Wrappers** \- Wonton skin will create a crispy, light, and airy chip.
  *  **Egg Roll Wrappers** \- Tastes exactly like a dumpling wrapper but the skin will be larger in size.
  *  **Spring Roll Wrappers** \- Spring roll wrappers will create very delicate, light, and crispy brittle chips. Since they're very brittle, you need to be careful not to break them during the deep-frying process.

## **Where to Buy Wonton Wrappers**

You can buy wonton wrappers in any type of Asian grocery store. They will
usually be in the refrigerated section where the fresh noodles are, or they
can be in the frozen sections as well.

When shopping for wrappers, wonton skins will usually be thinner and have a
yellow tint to them. They may or may not contain eggs in them and they will
usually have some type of food coloring which gives them that yellow tint.
Dumpling wrappers will be on the thicker side and will be an off-white color
and will never contain eggs in it.

## **How to Fold Wonton Shapes**

When it comes to wonton shapes for deep frying, there are many different
shapes you can use. You can keep it simple by cutting them in half or
diagonally or you can make twists with them. Regardless of what shape you
choose to make, these will all taste delicious.

One of my favorite shapes to make is the twists. I find they have a bit more
texture and they are fun to eat.

  1. Cut wonton skin in half.
  2. Take a small pile, and make a slit lengthwise in the middle.
  3. Pick up one wonton wrapper, take the bottom of the skin and push it through the slit
  4. on the other side of the skin, gently pull the piece you pushed through and pull it downwards
  5. Voila! You have a twist!

1.) Wonton skin cut in half. 2.) Wonton twists. 3.) Wonton skin cut
diagonally. 4.) Wonton skin scrunched up in hand before deep frying.

## **What Kind of Oil Should I Use?**

For deep frying, I like to use canola or corn oil, this is not limited to just
this wonton strip recipe - I use it for any type of frying I have to do. That
being said, to make these crispy wonton strips, you can use a shallow pan to
deep fry them and it won't require a lot of oil to fry, so you can also use
avocado oil for deep frying this as well.

Peanut oil also works and has a super high smoking point, which makes it the
ideal oil to deep fry with but it's a very expensive oil, and if you deep fry
often and change the oil all the time the bill can add up!

You also want to keep in mind that there are a lot of peanut allergies out
there and since a lot of deep-fried foods are meant to be shared, it's
something to keep in mind when using it.

## **Tips**

  * If you have extra wrappers, you can store them in a Ziploc bag (make sure to press out as much air as possible) and freeze them. To use them again, defrost them in the fridge the night before.
  * If you have extra wonton chips, you can break them up into smaller pieces and add them to soups or salads for some awesome textures and flavors.
  * An easy way to test if oil is ready for deep frying is by sticking a wooden chopstick or a wooden spoon handle into the oil to see if it bubbles. If it starts to bubble, the oil is hot enough to deep fry with.

## **How to Make Fried Wonton Chips**

### Preparation

  1. Cut them to the shapes you like. You can cut them into strips, cut them diagonal into triangles, make twists or scrunch them up by hand for a bit of texture.
  2. Place a cooling rack on top of a baking sheet and set it aside for later.

### Deep Frying Wonton Strips

  1. If you are using a deep fryer, set the temperature to 350f and wait for it to come to temperature. If you are using a heavy bottom pan, pour 1½ to 2 inches of oil into it and set the stove to medium to medium-high heat. To test if the oil is hot enough to start deep frying, stick a wooden chopstick or a wooden spoon handle into it - if it starts to bubble, the oil is ready to be used.
  2. Add in the wonton wrappers a handful at a time. Don't put all the wrappers in at once, put enough to fill the pot in a single layer. You will need to cook them in batches.
  3. The wonton skins will immediately puff up and float to the top. If they do, use a utensil to press them down occasionally or flip them every few seconds.   
Sometimes very large bubbles may form on the skins with oil trapped inside, if
that happens try to poke it to release any oil that has been trapped inside
and pay attention to those ones in particular when you are removing them from
the pot and drain them thoroughly.

  4. The wonton strips will be done in about 1-2 minutes. You will know the skins are done when they are golden brown. They will still continue to cook after you remove them from the oil, so don't wait until it is dark brown before you pull them out.
  5. Using a spider strainer or a slotted spoon, scoop them up and transfer them to the cooling rack to let them cool and harden.
  6. Serve them with sweet and sour sauce and enjoy!

## **Dipping Sauces**

One of the best ways to enjoy these delicious crispy wonton strips is by
serving them with a lot of different types of dips and sauces!

I personally think wonton chips taste on their own (as-is!) but here are a few
sauces I love to serve with them whenever I make these.

The classic Chinese sweet and sour sauce is always a favorite. My version of
this sauce is a Cantonese-style sweet and sour sauce which has a good balance
of sweet and tart and is less sweet than the American version.

I also like making quick and easy 5-minute sauces like my spicy sriracha mayo
sauce, a creamy honey sesame dip, a very flavorful, creamy, and easy peanut
sauce, or a simple honey mustard sauce (which I mix plain yellow mustard with
honey).

## **How to Store Them**

You can store fried wonton strips in a Ziploc bag or an air-tight container
for up to a week at room temperature (do not refrigerate them). Just make sure
they are completely cool before you store them so that it doesn't steam or
create moisture while they are being stored.

## **FAQ**

**Can I make wonton chips ahead of time for a party?**

Yup! You definitely can. You can store this for up to a week if you store them
in a Ziploc bag or an airtight container at room temperature (do not
refrigerate them). If you want to warm them up before serving them, you can
warm them in a pre-heated 350F oven for 1-2 minutes.

**What kind of oil should I use to deep fry with?**

I personally like to deep fry my foods with canola, corn, vegetable, or peanut
oil. If you plan to make these for a party, I would avoid using peanut oil in
case someone has a peanut allergy.

**Can I make these wonton chips in an air fryer?**

Yes you can but they will have to be made in the flat (wonton skins cut in
half or diagonal). Brush both sides of the chips with oil and bake them in the
air fryer at 350f in a single layer for 3-4 minutes (for thinner wonton skins)
and 8-10 minutes (for thicker dumpling skins).

**Where do I find wonton wrappers?**

You can pre-made wonton wrappers at any Asian grocery store in the
refrigerated section with all the fresh noodles or they may be frozen. You can
also sometimes find it at your local grocery stores as well in the
refrigerated sections.

## **Takeout Recipes You May Like**

  * Sweet and Sour Pork
  * Chilli Chicken
  * Sweet and Sticky Crispy Beef
  * Manchurian Chicken
  * Sweet and Sticky Char Siu (Chinese BBQ Pork)
  * Corn Egg Drop Soup
  * Egg Fried Rice

**If you like my recipes and want to be updated on when new ones come out,
please consider subscribing to my  newsletter (we don't spam) and follow along
on Instagram, Facebook, and Pinterest for all of my latest recipes!**

## Recipe Card

## Crispy Fried Wonton Chips

Easy homemade crispy strips of Chinese fried wonton wrappers, just like the
ones served with sweet and sour sauce at the Chinese takeout restaurants!

Print Pin Rate Save Recipe Saved!

Course: Appetizer, Snacks

Cuisine: Asian American Fusion, Chinese

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 30 minutes

5 from 7 votes

###

Recipe Notes

  * Pairs amazing with this Chinese Sweet and Sour sauce recipe
  * **Types of Wrappers You Can Use**
    * **_Dumpling Wrappers_** \- Dumpling skins will create a crunchy and thicker chip. Most Chinese restaurants around my area use this type of wrapper for wonton chips.
    * **_Wonton Wrappers_** \- Wonton skin will create a crispy, light, and airy chip.
    * **_Egg Roll Wrappers_** \- Tastes exactly like a dumpling wrapper but the skin will be larger in size.
    * **_Spring Roll Wrappers_** \- Spring roll wrappers will create very delicate, light, and crispy brittle chips. Since they're very brittle, you need to be careful not to break them during the deep-frying process.
  * If you have extra wrappers, you can store them in a Ziploc bag (make sure to press out as much air as possible) and freeze them. To use them again, defrost them in the fridge the night before.
  * If you have extra wonton chips, you can break them up into smaller pieces and add them to soups or salads for some awesome textures and flavors.
  * You can store fried wonton strips in a Ziploc bag or an air-tight container for up to a week at room temperature (do not refrigerate them). Just make sure they are completely cool before you store them so that it doesn't steam or create moisture while they are being stored.

###

Ingredients



  * ▢ 1 pack wonton or dumpling wrappers (see notes)
  * ▢ oil (canola, corn, vegetable or peanut)

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

###

Instructions

#### Preparation

  * Cut them to the shapes you like. You can cut them into strips, cut them diagonal into triangles, make twists or scrunch them up by hand for a bit of texture. 

See blog posts on instructions on how to make twists.

  * Place a cooling rack on top of a baking sheet and set it aside for later.

#### Deep Frying Wonton Strips

  * If you are using a deep fryer, set the temperature to 350f and wait for it to come to temperature. 

If you are using a heavy bottom pan, pour 1½ to 2 inches of oil into it and
set the stove to medium to medium-high heat. To test if the oil is hot enough
to start deep frying, stick a wooden chopstick or a wooden spoon handle into
it - if it starts to bubble, the oil is ready to be used.

  * Add in the wonton wrappers a handful at a time. Don't put in all the wrappers in at once, put enough to fill the pot in a single layer. You will need to cook them in batches. 

  * The wonton skins will immediately puff up and float to the top. If they do, use a utensil to press them down occasionally or flip them every few seconds.

Sometimes very large bubbles may form on the skins with oil trapped inside, if
that happens try to poke it to release any oil that has been trapped inside
and pay attention to those ones in particular when you are removing them from
the pot and drain them thoroughly.

  * The wonton strips will be done in about 1-2 minutes. You will know the skins are done when they are golden brown on both sides. They will still continue to cook after you remove them from the oil, so don't wait until it is dark brown before you pull them out.

  * Using a spider strainer or a slotted spoon, scoop them up and transfer them to the cooling rack to let them cool and harden.

  * Serve them with sweet and sour sauce and enjoy!

###

Nutrition

Calories: 1310kcal | Carbohydrates: 261g | Protein: 44g | Fat: 7g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 3g | Monounsaturated Fat: 1g | Cholesterol:
41mg | Sodium: 2574mg | Potassium: 369mg | Fiber: 8g | Vitamin A: 63IU |
Calcium: 212mg | Iron: 15mg

*Nutritional information is calculated using online tools and is an estimate*

Did you try this recipe?I'd love to hear from you! Let me know how it was and
consider giving it a rating! Tag me on Instagram with @pupswithchopsticks to
show me!

Made with ♡ by Joyce Lee

**Disclaimer** : We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates
Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us
to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. While I appreciate
the support – please try to buy your items locally if possible to support your
local shops (chances are they are cheaper locally as well!)

## **More Recipes to Try**

  * My Ultimate Super Crispy Fried Chicken Recipe

  * Baked Crispy Stuffed Jalapeno Poppers (Crab Rangoon Style)

  * Crispy Cantonese Beef Chow Mein

  * Chinese BBQ Pork (Char Siu) Gyoza Dumplings Recipe

  * How to Make Chicken Congee (鸡粥)

  * Buttery Scallion Pancakes

## More Appetizers & Snacks

  * Easy Tom Kha Gai Soup (Thai Coconut Chicken Soup)

  * Yum Woon Sen (Thai Glass Noodle Salad)

  * Kani Salad (Japanese Crab Salad)

  * Easy Tteokbokki (Korean Spicy Rice Cakes)

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Josie says

July 07, 2022 at 3:40 pm

  
Firstly, thank you for providing such an easy way to making crispsy Wonton
Wrappers. As soon as I saw this recipe came out, I then make it, and the sweet
and sour sauce. to dip too. But, ,my kids enjoyed the Wonton Wrappers so much
as if eating chips alone, and dip sauce too. One said make more this dish for
him often in summer. 👍❤😊. Thank you.

Reply

    * Joyce Lee says

July 21, 2022 at 10:03 am

Hi Josie!  
It's definitely something I used to always beg my mom for as a kid as well so
I know how they feel! haha!  
Thanks so much for coming back to share!

Reply

  2. Michelle says

June 07, 2022 at 11:41 am

  
These are delicious, and my head is swimming with more ideas on how to use
them and what to dip them in!

Reply

    * Joyce Lee says

June 14, 2022 at 2:33 pm

Hi Michelle!  
I'd put them on everything! haha

Reply

  3. Tayler says

June 06, 2022 at 3:29 pm

  
I made these wontons with dinner last night and omg were they amazing!
Perfectly crispy and the whole family loved them!

Reply

    * Joyce Lee says

June 14, 2022 at 2:34 pm

Hi Tayler!  
So happy to hear the family loved them!

Reply

  4. sara says

June 06, 2022 at 3:03 pm

  
These are exactly like ones form a Chinese restaurant... so good. We added
them to a Chinese chicken salad and my husband and I both loved them.

Reply

    * Joyce Lee says

June 14, 2022 at 2:35 pm

Hi Sara!  
Mmmm brilliant idea adding them to chicken salad, that added crunchiness must
have been fantastic!

Reply

  5. Justine says

June 06, 2022 at 2:46 pm

  
These were a total hit with the kids for dinner when I made stir fry with
them!

Reply

    * Joyce Lee says

June 14, 2022 at 2:36 pm

Hi Justine!  
What a great idea! I think added crunchy-goodness always makes everything
better!

Reply

  6. Jamie says

June 06, 2022 at 1:45 pm

  
I love the crispy texture of these wonton chips! They're so easy to make and
goes great with anything.

Reply

    * Joyce Lee says

June 14, 2022 at 2:36 pm

Hi Jamie!  
So happy you liked it! I definitely make extra to add to meals throughout the
week! haha

Reply

### Leave a Comment & Rating Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

 Yes, add me to your mailing list

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Welcome to Pups with Chopsticks!

Hi I’m Joyce Lee and Welcome to Pups with Chopsticks! Good eats and cooking is
my passion! Join me in my kitchen as I create and share traditional and Asian
fusion recipes! Read More…

### Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Please leave this field empty

Subscribe to my Newsletter and stay up to date on my latest recipes!

Welcome to the family! Don't forget to check your inbox or spam folder now to
confirm your subscription to fully be subscribed to the newsletter!

### Popular Recipes

## Bun Bo Hue (Spicy Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup)

## Easy Japchae (Korean Glass Noodles Stir Fry)

## Chilli Chicken

## Sweet and Sticky Char Siu (Chinese BBQ Pork)

## Grilled Thai Coconut Chicken Skewers

## Sweet and Sticky Crispy Beef

## Footer

### **AS FEATURED ON**

↑ back to top

As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases at no cost to you.  
Thank you for visiting and supporting our little blog

Privacy Policy · Terms & Conditions  
Copyright © 2021 Pups with Chopsticks · All Rights Reserved

65 shares

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

