https://www.foxvalleyfoodie.com/fried-wonton-strips/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipe Index
  * Subscribe
  * Contact
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * About the Fox Valley Foodie
  * Subscribe
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact

* ×

Home » Recipes » Appetizer Recipes

# Fried Wonton Strips

Published: Apr 4, 2022 · Modified: Apr 4, 2022 by Fox Valley Foodie · This
post may contain affiliate links

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest172

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Fried wonton strips are a quick and easy snack to make in five minutes or
less, and perfect for dipping into a delicious appetizer or snacking on them
alone. Skip the traditional bag of chips found at all of the local grocery
stores and instead impress your guests by making these satisfyingly salty
snacks on your own!

The great thing about these crispy wonton chips is how effortless this recipe
is. There are only 3 ingredients needed, and they cook up in about 30 seconds
per batch. This is a great recipe for a novice because you can watch the
wonton wrappers cook and pull them out as soon as you see them browning.

## What are wonton wrappers?

Traditionally made of flour, eggs, and water, Wonton wrappers is the thin
sheet of dough used to encapsulate a variety of fillings in a Chinese
dumpling. The wrappers can be found pre-made and ready for use in any Asian
grocery or traditional supermarket. You will find them in the refrigerated
case.

## What ingredients do I need?

Making this crispy wonton strips recipe only requires wonton wrappers, frying
oil, and salt. I recommend a high-temperature vegetable oil such as canola oil
for frying. It also has a neutral flavor, which is important.

Any fine grain salt, such as table salt, will work well. I would avoid larger
grain salts, like Kosher salt, because the big granules don't adhere to the
fried strips as well. Egg roll wrappers, which are larger, can also be used.

## What equipment is needed?

  * **Heavy pot for frying** \- Heavy bottomed pots retain heat better and insulate against temperature swings. My favorite frying pot is a cast iron chicken fryers.
  *  **Thermometer** \- You can buy thermometers specifically for deep frying, but an all-purpose instant-read thermometer works great for me.
  *  **Spider strainer** \- This easily lifts the fried strips out of the hot oil. Although a slotted spoon can also be used.

## How to make them

Begin by cutting your wrappers into thin strips with a sharp knife. However,
if wonton chips are more your thing, there is no reason you cannot cut them
into triangles instead. The recipe is the same either way.

Add enough oil to a heavy-bottomed pot to fill it at least one inch deep. Set
the heat over medium and let the oil come to temperature. You are aiming for
350 degrees.

You may need to work in small batches, as needed. Add the wonton strips to the
oil and move around with the spider strainer to ensure separation and even oil
coverage. After approximately 30 seconds they will turn a light brown. Remove
the fried wontons from the cooking oil at this time, as they will continue to
darken to a crispy golden brown while draining.

I recommend placing the fried wonton strips in a single layer on a wire rack
set over a baking sheet to drain, or paper towels. Then dust lightly with
salt. Let cool for a few minutes, then serve.

## Ways to Serve Fried Wonton Strips

  * **Dipping sauce** \- Serve these with a dipping sauce, such as duck sauce, or hot mustard. 
  * **Salad topping** \- These add a wonderful crunch to any salad in place of croutons.
  *  **On their own** \- This is a satisfying salty snack when you are craving something with a crunch!

## How to store them

These do not need to be eaten right away. Store them in a ziploc bag, or
airtight container. They will stay fresh for a few days.

## Expert Tips and Tricks

  * Check your oil temperature through cooking, and certainly in between batches. The temperature will drop each time a new batch is added, and it will continue to rise as it sits on the burner, so the heat setting may need to be adjusted.
  * Small grain salt, such as table salt, works better for seasoning wonton strips than larger grain Kosher salt.
  * The strips will continue browning even after they are pulled from the hot oil, so aim to remove them as soon as they turn a light brown.

## FAQs

**Can you buy wonton wrappers?**

Yes, you will find pre-made wonton wrappers in the refrigerated section of
your grocery store.

**Can you buy wonton strips?**

Wonton strips are often sold at many American-Chinese restaurants. However,
they can also be purchased at some grocers.

**What is a wonton?**

A wonton is a Chinese dumpling that wraps a thin noodle dough around a variety
of flavorful fillings.

## Related Recipes

  * Honey Hoisin Asian Wing Sauce

  * Sticky Oven Baked Shrimp

  * Cheesy Southwestern Egg Rolls

  * Firecracker Shrimp

Can you do me a favor? If you enjoyed my post would you mind sharing it with
your friends? You can see more of my recipes by liking me on Facebook and
follow me on Pinterest too. Otherwise, stay up to date by getting each new
post sent directly to your inbox by subscribing today.

## Fried Wonton Strips

Fried wonton strips are quick and easy to make and perfect for dipping into
your favorite appetizer or snacking on them alone.

5 from 2 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: Asian

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 1 minute

Total Time: 6 minutes

Servings: 12

Calories: 80kcal

Author: Fox Valley Foodie

### Equipment

  * ▢

Digital Thermometer

  * ▢

Spider strainer

  * ▢

Heavy bottomed pot

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 6 ounces wonton wrappers (any size package will work)
  * ▢ 2 cups frying oil (or as needed)
  * ▢ table salt

### Instructions

  * Using a heavy bottomed pot, such as as Dutch oven, fill it with at least one inch of oil.

  * Set pot over medium heat and bring frying oil to 350 degrees.

  * While the frying oil is heating cut wonton wrappers into thin strips.

  * Working in batches, add the strips to the hot oil and fry for approximately 30 seconds per batch, or until the wontons begin to turn a light brown.

  * Remove the wonton strips from the cooking oil and let the excess oil drain off on a paper towel or wire rack. Immediately sprinkle lightly with salt. 

### Notes

Any size package of wonton wrappers will work fine. You can cook up as many,
or as few, as you like.

Canola oil and peanut oil are my two top recommendations to use for frying.

It is important to sprinkle the crispy wontons with salt shortly after
removing them from the oil because the oil will help the salt adhere better.

### Nutrition

Calories: 80kcal | Carbohydrates: 8g | Protein: 1g | Fat: 5g | Saturated Fat:
4g | Cholesterol: 1mg | Sodium: 81mg | Potassium: 12mg | Fiber: 1g | Calcium:
7mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this Recipe? Pin it Today!Mention @FoxValleyFoodie or tag
#foxvalleyfoodie!

Get My FREE eCookbook

Subscribe to FoxValleyFoodie.com and get each tantalizing new post sent
directly to your inbox, along with my complementary eCookbook just for signing
up!

Subscribe for free!

« Homemade Strawberry Applesauce

How to Make Coffee with a Coffee Maker - Better »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Laura

December 09, 2020 at 8:27 am

Looks easy peasy! One question I always have when frying is - what do you do
with all that oil after???? How do you dispose of it? Thanks!

Reply

    * Fox Valley Foodie

December 09, 2020 at 12:01 pm

Strain out any chunks left in it and reuse it later to fry something else!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

## Primary Sidebar

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Subscribe

Get each tantalizing new recipe

sent directly to your inbox.

Subscribe for free

AND GET MY eCOOKBOOK FREE!

### Search for your favorite post!

Search

### Popular Posts

## Classic Chicken Salad

## Homemade Sloppy Joes - Better Than Manwich

## Brown Sugar Meatloaf - With a Secret Ingredient

## Classic Taco Dip

## Slow Cooker Chicken Thighs (Bone-In)

## Homemade Mozzarella Sticks with String Cheese

## Beef Tips and Gravy

## McDonald's Big Mac Sauce (Copycat Recipe)

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Accessibility Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact

Fox Valley Foodie, LLC

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 **Brunch Pro** on the Brunch Pro Theme

