https://www.indiastudychannel.com/resources/166208-Delicious-Chinese-Chicken-Chop-Suey-Recipe-Ingredients-and-preparation-tips.aspx


  * __
    * __
    * __
    * __
    * __
    * __
  * Login
  * Register

__

Close

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

  * Education 
    * Admissions
    * Learn English
    * Institutes
    * Universities
    * Colleges
    * Courses
    * Schools
    * Study Abroad
  * Forum
  * Articles
  * Ask Experts
  * Exams 
    * Exam Results
    * Practice Tests
    * Question Papers
  * More 
    * Jobs
    * Reviews
    * Help Topics
    * Study Abroad Consultants
    * Digital Marketing
    * Social Hub
    * New Posts
    * Post Content

  * Login
  * Register

  * Education 
    * Admissions
    * Learn English
    * Institutes
    * Universities
    * Colleges
    * Courses
    * Schools
    * Study Abroad
  * Forum
  * Articles
  * Ask Experts
  * Exams 
    * Exam Results
    * Practice Tests
    * Question Papers
  * More 
    * Jobs
    * Reviews
    * Help Topics
    * Study Abroad Consultants
    * Digital Marketing
    * Social Hub
    * New Posts
    * Post Content

    1. Resources
    2. General Topics
    3. Articles/Knowledge Sharing
    4. Recipes
    5. 

# Delicious Chinese Chicken Chop Suey Recipe - Ingredients and preparation
tips

Posted Date: 17 Dec 2014 |Updated: 17-Dec-2014 |Category: Recipes |Author:
Cijo George Thomas |Member Level: Silver |Points: 8 |

  
Delicious Chinese Chicken Chop Suey Recipe - Ingredients and preparation tips
are given here. Chinese chicken chop suey is a famous dish which is equally
loved by people all over the world. If you are in search of the ingredients
and preparation tips of this recipe then it is described below.  
  

## Introduction

Chinese dishes are always special and it brings water in everyone's mouth.
Chinese chicken chop suey is a famous dish which is equally loved by people
all over the world. This unique ingredients and the way in which they consumes
are all a fantasy for people and will crave for having a bit. If you are in
search of the ingredients and preparation tips of Chinese chicken chop suey
recipe then it is described below.  
  

## Ingredients

  

* 2 lb chicken breast which is diced
  

* 3 tablespoon cooking oil
  

* 2 cubes vegetable bouillon
  

* 3 tablespoon soy sauce
  

* 1/2 teaspoon Ginger
  

* 1/2 teaspoon Horseradish
  

* 1/2 cup Sliced celery
  

* 1 Green pepper which is sliced
  

* 1/2 cup Sliced mushrooms
  

* 1 diced tomato
  

* 1/4 cup sliced scallions 
  

* 1/2 cup Chinese pea pods 
  

* 1 can of Water chestnuts 
  

* 1 cup bean sprouts 
  
  

## How to prepare

Wash all the required ingredients properly and keep it aside when chopped in
to desired size. Pour some oil into the frying pan a d heat it. Add chicken
and keep mixing it till it becomes light brown in colour. Now remove it from
the stove and keep it aside. Its time to crush the bouillon cubes and mix it
in pineapple extract kept in a new pan. Ginger, horseradish, soy sauce, celery
and green pepper should be added in correct proportion and start heating it.
Now keep on stirring it properly while adding all the remaining ingredients
along with the chicken kept aside and cook it for 10 minutes. Now you have
your delicious Chinese chicken chop suey ready and you can serve it by giving
it a Chinese style with your creative mind. Also give tomato sauce, ginger
paste and chilly vinegar along with it. This is a very unique way to surprise
your loved one's. So why are you waiting for, hop in to the kitchen and start
the kill and you will see the magic of this recipe.

  

## Related Articles

#### Sarson ka saag recipe from tender mustard plants’ stems and leaves

This article deals with the preparation of the most popular vegetable recipe
of north India, especially of Punjab. It is called ‘Sarson ka saag’. This is
prepared from the stems and leaves of mustard plants which are commonly grown
in Punjab in the months of October and November. This preparation is usually
eaten with fresh butter and Makai ki roti (chapatti or roti made by kneading
maize flour). This is the most delicious and nutritious recipe of north India.
This is the most favourite dish of Punjabis.

#### Recipes of Two Sweets using Bread

Do you like to eat sweets? Do you like to prepare sweets by yourself? If yes,
here you have the recipe to make a special halwa and a special gulab jamun.
All of you may have heard of halwas made of various ingredients like grain
flour, sunflower seeds, various nuts, beans, lentils, carrots, pumpkins etc.
But, do you know that halwas can be made of bread? Similarly using bread, we
can also make gulab jamun. Here is the recipe to prepare a special bread halwa
and a special bread gulab jamun.

#### Tasty recipe for making the delicious Chocolate Custard

This article will explain the ingredients required and the making of Chocolate
Custard step by step. This article will finish with the time estimation. All
over this is a tasty and delicious recipe which is healthy while added with
fruits.

#### Recipe of delicious Egg kofta

“Kofta” is one of the best dish which normally we prefer to add in our party’s
menu. We normally cook malai kofta, lauki kofta very often. In this article I
am sharing a delicious recipe of “Eggs kofta." I am sure this is a good option
for nov vegetarian.

#### Home made mayonnaise recipe

Mayonnaise is a emulsion of raw egg yolk, oil, and other flavoring agents. It
is a basic sauce from which various other sauces and dips are made. Here I
have tried to put forth every possible easy recipe of making mayonnaise with
egg yolks, egg whites and veg mayonnaise.

More articles: IPE Recipe

### Comments

Author: BarathVikraman30 Dec 2014 Member Level: **Gold**   Points : 5

Chicken soup is the favorite recipe of my children. I always prepare Indian
traditional chicken soup but this recipe is little different. I will try next
time, when we are sick, chicken soup gives plenty of health benefits. Chicken
soup contains amino acid known as cysteine, which is very helpful to treat
cough and cold. It helps the thinning of the mucous in the lungs and gives
relief. When you are caught with the infection, consumption of hot chicken
soup can be more effective than hot water vapor to thin out and clear the
mucus stuffed in your nose. Other ingredients added in chicken soup are
carrot, onion; ginger garlic etc. carrots are the good source of beta
carotene, which helps to fight against infections and allergies. Onion
contains antibacterial and anti inflammatory qualities which helps to treat
the infection easily.

Author: Cijo George Thomas30 Dec 2014 Member Level: **Silver**   Points : 1

This one is not a soup, its Chinese chicken chop suey and is a delicious dish
seen in most of the top class restaurants. Try this in your home and I
guarantee that you will really love it.

  
Notify me by email when others post comments to this article.  

* Do not include your name, "with regards" etc in the comment. Write detailed comment, relevant to the topic.
* No HTML formatting and links to other web sites are allowed.
* This is a strictly moderated site. Absolutely no spam allowed.

Name:

Email:

Spam check

Submit Article

Return to Article Index

**Looking for University or College admissions in India for 2022 - 2023
Academic Year?**  
  
APPLY NOW

 **Top Contributors**

 _ **Today**_

 _ **Last 7 Days**_

  * Ravi Shankar (706)
  * Dinesh Sood (457)
  * DR.N.V. Sriniva... (432)

more...

Subscribe

  * Follow Us
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

#### About IndiaStudyChannel.com

Being the most popular educational website in India, we believe in providing
quality content to our readers. If you have any questions or concerns
regarding any content published here, feel free to contact us using the
Contact link below.

###### GENERAL

  * Admissions Consulting Services
  * Adsense Revenue
  * Infolinks
  * Become an Editor
  * Membership Levels
  * Ranking System
  * Payments
  * Winners & Awards
  * Guest Posting

###### STUDY ABROAD

  * Study Abroad
  * Study in Foreign Universities
  * Study in Germany
  * Study in Italy
  * Study in Ireland
  * Study in France
  * Study in Australia
  * Study in New Zealand
  * Indian Universities

###### EDUCATION

  * Nursing in Mangalapuram
  * BDS in Mangalore
  * MBA in Bangalore
  * Nursing admissions in Mangalore
  * Distance MBA
  * B Pharm in Mangalore
  * MBBS in Mangalore
  * BBA in Mangalore
  * MBA Digital Marketing

Education Leads Advertise Submit Guest Post

  * About Us
  * Contact Us
  * Copyright
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Use

Digital Marketing by SpiderWorks Technologies, Kochi - India. ©

