https://www.sinamontales.com/american-chopsuey-recipe/


    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

Sinamon Tales

by Monika

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * Work with Me
  * Media Mentions
  * Search

# American Chopsuey

### American Chopsuey is one of those roadside dishes you end up enjoying in
the cold weather! So delicious especially with those fried noodles by the
side! Yummy!

Its February already. One full month of 2015 has gone and I have still not
wrapped my head around my plan of 2015. But one good thing and something that
is making me stick to some kind of blog schedule is "The Kitchen Divas". This
is the 6th post of the year mostly thanks to it and the friends who keeping
pushing me. Yes, I am looking at you Hina and Archana, I know I freak you
often with my last minute entry but hey I do post on time. *wink wink* So,
American Chopsuey, anyone?



So January went by and with the month changing, the theme for the Kitchen
Divas, changed along. This month we will bring to you recipes for "Indian
Chinese". Now most of us have nostalgic memories of this cuisine (if we can
even call it that). The street side Chowmein full of soya and the delicious
momos which you just couldn't resist! I still remember the pork bao I ate in
my Kolkata trip on the roadside and that the hot and sour soup. None of these
are so called "authentic" items or "gourmet" items, but yet most of them are
dishes which are so familiar to us.

I start my Indian Chinese journey with something I loved all my life -
American Chopsuey. Frankly I don't even know if it is Chinese or where does
the word American came from in its name, but I always ate this in the roadside
vans selling "Chinese" food so for me, that's what it is. Delicious is what it
is. If are too cold to have anything else, just make a bowl of this and dig
in. Trust me, all the cold will vanish away ðŸ™‚

Recipe - Chicken American Chopsuey.

Serves 4.

## American Chopsuey

American Chopsuey is one of those roadside dishes you end up enjoying in the
cold weather! So delicious especially with those fried noodles by the side!
Yummy!

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Course Main Dish

Cuisine Indian

### Ingredients

  

  * 1 cup noodles parboiled
  * 1/2 cup cabbage shredded
  * 1/2 cup peppers thinly sliced
  * 1/2 cup onions sliced
  * 1/4 cup mushrooms sliced
  * 1 cup chicken boiled and shredded
  * 1 tbsp olive oil
  * 1/4 tsp white pepper
  * to taste salt
  * oil to deep fry

#### For the sauce

  * 1 tbsp vinegar
  * 1 tbsp sugar
  * 1 tbsp soy sauce
  * 1/2 cup chicken stock
  * 1/2 tbsp corn flour
  * 1/2 tsp chilli powder
  * 1/4 cup tomato ketchup
  * to taste salt

### Instructions



  * Heat the oil in a broad non-stick pan and add the onions and saute on a medium flame till translucent, this will take about 1-2 minutes.

  * Add the vegetables and chicken and saue on a medium flame for 2 to 3 minutes.

  * Add salt and white pepper.

  * Mix all the sauce ingredients and add to the above and let it boil for about 1-2 minutes till it thickens slightly.

  * Heat oil for frying in a deep pan, when it heats lower the flame and add noodles little by little and fry till they turn golden brown. Be patient and don't increase the flame if you want nice and crisp noodles. The frying of one batch will take around 3-4 minutes.

  * Let the fried noodles completely cool and before serving add the prepared sauce over them. Enjoy hot.

### Notes





Note : If you want to make vegetarian version of this, skip the chicken and
increase the amount of vegetables. Also replace chicken stock with vegetable
stock or water.

The "Recipe Name" is part of the endeavor to create a collection of recipes of
Indian Chinese Recipes in collaboration with a few bloggers who share the same
passion of cooking. Find more Indian Chinese Recipes by #TheKichenDivas.
Follow the Pinterest board containing all recipes here

1\. Vegetable Stock by Saffron Trail (http://saffrontrail.blogspot.in/)

2.Vegetable Manchurian with Fried Rice by FunFoodFrolic
(http://www.funfoodfrolic.com/)

3.Crispy fried Mushrooms by WhiskAffair (http://www.whiskaffair.com/)

4\. Chinese Noodle Soup with Vegetables by Archanaâ€™s Kitchen
(http://www.archanaskitchen.com)

If you make this, share a picture with me on twitter, instagram or Facebook? I
would love to hear what you have to say about it!

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

### _Related_

__Tweet

 __Share

 __Pin 69

69 Shares

Kid-Friendly// One Pot Meals// Under 30 minutes2 Comments

Â« Hurali Kalu Saaru (Horse Gram Curry)

Schezwan Egg Fried Rice Â»

### Comments

  1. Rajesh Kumar says

May 14, 2015 at 10:35 am

What a unique dish â€“ it looks and sounds delicious and really different.

Reply

  2. blessmyfood says

November 26, 2021 at 4:59 am

I have eaten so many noodles but after preparing your American chop suey
recipe, I am impressed. The taste is so good.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

#### Get my new books on Salad in your inbox. Subscribe now

#### About the Author

Monika is an ex-IT person turned into a food blogger, consultant, home baker
and an amateur food photographer. She loves music, writing, food, and travel,
but not necessarily in that order ;)

Sin-A-Mon Tales is a canvas for her food memories. Apart from Sin -A- Mon
Tales, Monika also writes for many online websites and publications. She's an
avid reader and can always be found with a book in her bag, which mostly is as
bright as her. She's an obsessive traveler and is always looking for the next
food story. Read Moreâ€¦

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Copyright (C) 2022 Â· Hosted by WPfog

