https://www.giggsmeat.com/american-chicken-chopsuey-dish-recipe/


USE CODE 'FIRSTBUY' To Get 10% Discount on your First Purchase

  * Offers
  * Support
  * Why us
  * Bulk Order

Select delivery

* Cart 
* Login 
* More 

Bulk Order Return Order About Giggs Contact Us

__

__

__

__

  * Mutton
  * Chicken
  * Pork
  * Fish
  * Cold Cuts
  * Lamb
  * Ready to Eat
  * Top Selling Products

  * Super Saver 

  * Mutton 

  * Chicken 

  * Pork 

  * BOGO 

  * Cold Cuts 

  * Lamb 

  * Ready to Eat 

  * Momos 

  * Combos 

  * Vegetarian 

  * Fish 

#### Indo Chinese Dish- American Chicken Chopsuey

Let's get started and know a few more details about American Chicken Chopsuey
Dish and its easiest Recipe, and we will make sure you and your family will
enjoy every bite of this Amazing Indo Chinese Dish.

Our Recipe of the World-Famous American Chicken Chopsuey recipe has all the
flavours and textures of Indo-Chinese Chicken Dish comprised of the spices and
different textures with delicious fried noodles and a tangy and spicy sauce
loaded with yummy veggies and loads of chicken.

## American Chopsuey

American Chopsuey is one of the most delicious dishes, and Chopsuey is called
'tsap sui' in the Chinese language, which means "odds and ends" and in the
simplest language is a dish made from the leftovers available in the fridge
and making it a great and a Delicious Chinese Dish To Eat. This dish
originated in the USA by a few Chinese immigrants, and the other story of its
origin is that a Chinese chef created this dish from the local ingredients and
some fried noodles and presented it to the people to eat.

## Difference between American Chopsuey and Indo-American Chopsuey?

American Chopsuey and Indo-American Chopsuey are not very different from each
other. The major difference between the two dishes is mostly the vegetable
that is used and their sauce. The American version of Chopsuey uses
traditional East-Asian vegetables like bamboo shoots, bean sprouts, and
celery. You can use various meats in the American version of Chopsuey like
fish, lamb, chicken, etc. It is the authentic American Chopsuey.

The Indian version of the American Chopsuey is made from vegetables like
carrots, bell peppers, onions, cabbage, etc. Also, these vegetables are
sauteed and combined with hot chilli-garlic spicy, sour, sweet, and tangy
sauce, and cooked chicken served with fried noodles. In the Indian Version of
American Chopsuey, the meat used is Fresh Raw Chicken by Giggs, and the Indian
version is spicier than the American version of the Chopsuey.

## Tips to Make a Delicious American Chopsuey

Tip 1- Deep frying the noodles is the most important step, so should maintain
the temperature of the oil and deep fry the noodles on medium heat, because
the low flame can make the noodles very oily, and high flame can burn the
noodles and make them soggy. So always use a medium flame to fry it.

Tip 2- Make a note of too thick sauce and not too liquidy and adjust the
thickness while serving the dish.

Tip 3- Cut the Vegetables bite-size and saute them properly with the
appropriate seasoning of salt, pepper, and garlic.

Let's get started with the ingredients and Recipe of American Chopsuey and
share your pictures and feedback below with the pictures and comment on how to
do you like the recipes.

## Ingredients of American Chopsuey

The main ingredients used to prepare a perfect American Chopsuey is Hakka
Noodles 1 packet, oil to deep fry; for the sauce, you require 2 tbsp
cornstarch, 1 cup water, 2 tbsp Oil, 300 g chicken boneless thigh or breast, 1
tsp minced garlic or garlic paste, one medium onion sliced, 1/2 cup Carrot
julienned, 1/2 cup Green Bell Pepper julienned, 1/4 cup shredded cabbage, 1
tbsp White vinegar, 1 tbsp Chilli Sauce,1 cup Ketchup, 1 tsp of sugar, salt to
taste. Now, For the garnishings, you need 4 Eggs, A few chopped spring onions.

  * 

## Recipe to Cook American Chopsuey

**Step 1:**  Firstly, boil the noodles as per the instruction on the packet of
the noodles. Now Drain the noodles and let them cool and divide them into
small portions for frying. If you fry in small portions, it will become easy
to fry. Now heat oil in the wok for deep frying the Noodles and fry them until
they are crispy and golden.

**Step 2:**  The next step is to cook the sauce, and this step will enhance
the flavour of your dish. Start with mixing the cornflour with water, make
sure there are no lumps in the mixture, and set it aside for a while. Now,
let's take another wok and take some oil and heat the pan and add some ginger
and garlic paste to it, which will add a lot of flavour to it, then add sliced
onions and saute them nicely, now add some more vegetables and sliced chicken
to the pan and cook until crispy and tender. Next is to add various sauces
like Soy sauce, chilli sauce, ketchup, vinegar, salt, pepper, a pinch of
sugar, add some water, let it boil, and then add the slurry of cornflour to
thicken the gravy. Let the gravy reach the desired consistency then you can
turn the flame off.

**Step 3:**

  * Plate the Chopsuey.
  * Take a deep dish.
  * Place a portion of fried noodles.
  * Pour some sauce over it and a few vegetables and chunks of chicken.

To garnish, place half fried egg with sunny side on up and garnish with some
spring onion and serve hot and enjoy with friends and family.

Posted in ChickenTagged american chicken choupsey Best Chicken Dishes Chicken
chinese dish

#### Written by :

####  RewatiKaur

rewati

## Post navigation

Previous: Delicious North Indian Fish Curry Recipe

Next: Tricks To Make The Juiciest Grilled Chicken At Home

## Recent Posts

December 21, 2021 Author: Rewati Kaur

#### Chicken Sholay Kebab Recipe

Chicken Sholay Kabab is a dish cooked in a masala dar batter and deep-fried
till crispy. This spicy chicken kebab is garnished with crisp-fried curry
leaves and served with raita. This dish can be served as an appetiser at a
celebration. In this article, we will share the most delicious dish that is
the Chicken […]

Continue reading __

December 21, 2021 Author: Rewati Kaur

#### Rajasthani Style Mutton Banjara Recipe

Your taste buds will fall in love with this delectable Rajasthani Style Mutton
Banjara, which can be prepared quickly and easily in a pressure cooker in just
a few minutes. The subtle combination of onions, ginger, and garlic, simmered
with spices and curd, transforms this dish into something truly delectable.
For an unforgettable weekend lunch […]

Continue reading __

November 24, 2021 Author: Rewati Kaur

#### Spicy Chicken Curry Recipe - GiggsMeat

This spicy chicken curry recipe is a must-try for non-vegetarian diners who
enjoy spicy foods. It is filled with flavor thanks to adding lemon juice,
tomato puree, onion puree, Loads of ginger, garlic, green chilies, and various
spices to this traditional Indian chicken curry recipe. About Spicy Chicken
Curry Recipe Apart from tasting delicious, this […]

Continue reading __

## Related Articles

December 21, 2021 Author: Rewati Kaur

#### Chicken Sholay Kebab Recipe

Chicken Sholay Kabab is a dish cooked in a masala dar batter and deep-fried
till crispy. This spicy chicken kebab is garnished with crisp-fried curry
leaves and served with raita. This dish can be served as an appetiser at a
celebration. In this article, we will share the most delicious dish that is
the Chicken […]

Continue reading __

November 24, 2021 Author: Rewati Kaur

#### Spicy Chicken Curry Recipe - GiggsMeat

This spicy chicken curry recipe is a must-try for non-vegetarian diners who
enjoy spicy foods. It is filled with flavor thanks to adding lemon juice,
tomato puree, onion puree, Loads of ginger, garlic, green chilies, and various
spices to this traditional Indian chicken curry recipe. About Spicy Chicken
Curry Recipe Apart from tasting delicious, this […]

Continue reading __

November 23, 2021 Author: Rewati Kaur

#### Benefits of Non-Veg Food for Skin - GiggsMeat

Our Skin is a mirror that reflects our most intimate feelings and thoughts. On
the inside, when we are in good spirits, we exude warmth and delight to the
outside world. The result is that one of the first organs to show signs of
stress and sickness is our Skin! One of the most efficient […]

Continue reading __

Gigg’s meat has started with a wholehearted approach to supplying customers
with only the best and high-grade meats sourced directly from local farms.
Prime quality, prefect-cut meats are our speciality. We pride ourselves in our
commitment to meat.

##### Resources

About us

FAQ

Contact Us

Blogs

Sitemap

##### LEGAL

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy

Return & Cancellation

Shipping Policy

Offers & Terms

##### Contact Us

A 67 S/F , KH. 81, Freedom Fighter Enclave, NEB Sarai,South Delhi, Delhi,
110068

[email protected]

8800223722



##### We are social

#####  Order Summary

Your cart is empty.

Total amount payable:

CONTINUE TO CHECKOUT

What makes us better?

100% Natural

Premium Quality Meat

Packed with Care

Delivered Fresh

Login

Email *

Password *

forgot?

Login

Name *

Email *

Password *

Repeat Password *

Signup

Or continue with

Google  Facebook

New to Giggs? Create an account  Old user? Back to login

## Never miss an update

Join thousands of Giggs Meat subscribers and get our best recipes and offers
delivered each week!

  
I have read and agree to the

## POPULAR SEARCHES

All :  Chicken Tikka (Fully Cooked)1kg |  Cheese Corn Peas Nuggets 1kg |
Chicken Burger Patty (Breaded) 1kg |  Chicken Coated Wings 1kg |  Veg Fingers
1kg |  Spicy Chicken Burger Patty (Breaded) 1kg |  Elicious Chicken Italian
Herb Sausages 300g + 300g Free Inside Pack |  Elicious Chicken Caribbean
Sausages 300g |  Elicious Chicken Frankfurter 500g + 500g Free Inside Pack |
Elicious Chicken Breakfast Sausages 250g + 250g Free Inside Pack |  Elicious
Chicken Tikka 300 g |  Elicious Chicken Marinated Drum 400 g |  Elicious
Chicken Crunchy Munchy 300 g |  Elicious Chicken Rings 300 g |  Elicious
Chicken Cheese Garlic Finger 250 g |  Elicious Chicken Keema Paratha 320 g |
Chicken Pepperroni |  Chicken Ham |  Pork Pepperroni |  Veg Momos |

35% Off on Ready to Cook :  Chicken Nuggets 500g |

Buy 1 Get 1 Free :  Elicious Chicken Italian Herb Sausages 300g + 300g Free
Inside Pack |  Elicious Chicken Caribbean Sausages 300g |  Elicious Chicken
Frankfurter 500g + 500g Free Inside Pack |  Elicious Chicken Breakfast
Sausages 250g + 250g Free Inside Pack |  Pork Sausage |  Grilled Chicken
Burger Patty |  Peri Peri Chicken Seekh Kebab |  Pork Salami |  Lamb Chops |
Chicken Mince (Keema) |  Mutton Burger Patty |  Chicken Salami |  Chicken
Seekh Kebab |  Chicken Nuggets 500g |  Mutton Seekh Kebab |  Pork Curry Cut |
Mutton Mince (Keema) |

Chicken :  Chicken Mince (Keema) |  Chicken Biryani Cut |  Chicken Curry Cut -
Large |  Chicken Leg with Thigh (Whole) |  Chicken Wings - Skinless |  Chicken
Thigh (Boneless) |  Chicken Breast (Boneless) |  Chicken Drumstick |

Chicken in Guwahati :  Chicken Drumstick |  Chicken Breast (Boneless) |
Chicken Thigh (Boneless) |  Chicken Curry Cut |

Cold Cuts :  Elicious Chicken Italian Herb Sausages 300g + 300g Free Inside
Pack |  Elicious Chicken Caribbean Sausages 300g |  Elicious Chicken
Frankfurter 500g + 500g Free Inside Pack |  Elicious Chicken Breakfast
Sausages 250g + 250g Free Inside Pack |  Pork Sausage |  Chicken Pepperroni |
Chicken Ham |  Pork Pepperroni |  Pork Salami |  Pork Smoked Back Bacon |
Chicken Salami |  Chicken Smoked Sausage |  Pork Smoked Ham |

Cold Cuts in Guwahati :  Chicken Salami |

Combos :  Combo - Grilled Chicken Burger Patty & Mutton Burger Patty |  Combo
- Pork Curry Cut & Pork Belly |  Combo - Peri Peri Chicken Seekh Kebab &
Chicken Salami |  Combo - Mutton Seekh Kebab & Chicken Seekh Kebab |  Combo -
Chicken Momos & Chicken Nuggets |  Chicken Curry Cut & Mutton Mince Combo
offer |

Fish :  Sole Fillet (Frozen) |  Pomfret (Frozen) |  Indian Basa (frozen) |
Katla (Frozen) |  Rohu (Fresh) |  Surmai (Frozen) |

Guwahati Special :  Mutton Ribs and Chops |  Mutton Burger Patty |  Chicken
Nuggets |  Chicken Burger Patty |  Chicken Seekh Kebab |  Mutton Seekh Kebab |
Pork Belly (sliced) |  Pork Tenderloin |  Pork Chop |  Pork Boneless |  Pork
Curry Cut |  Mutton Liver |  Mutton Mince (Keema) |  Mutton Chops |  Mutton
Boneless |  Mutton Curry Cut ( Raan, Puth, Chap & Nalli) |  Chicken Salami |
Chicken Drumstick |  Chicken Breast (Boneless) |  Chicken Thigh (Boneless) |

2022 Zoram Gourmet Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved

__

#####  Check delivery availability

Please enter your pincode to check service availability in your area. *

Check pincode

Delhi

**Note:** For other city please contact us

