https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/pork-tenderloin-plum-sauce


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Course
  * Baking
  * Global
  * Healthy
  * Favorite Ingredients
  * Holidays and Occasions
  * Quick and Easy
  * Convenience Recipes
  * BBQ and Grilling
  * How To
  * Extra Crispy
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore MyRecipes

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

####  55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

Everybody understands the stuggle of getting dinner on the table after a long
day. If you're looking for a simple recipe to simplify your weeknight, you've
come to the right place--easy dinners are our specialty. For an easy supper
that you can depend on, we picked out some of our tried-and-true favorites
that have gotten us through even the busiest of days. Whether you're cooking
for yourself or for a family, these easy dinners are sure to leave everyone
satisfied and stress-free.  Read More

    * The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

####  The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

Trust me, it's so worth it.  Read More

    * 65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

####  65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

From chips and dip to one-bite apps, finger foods are the perfect way to kick
off a party. No forks or spoons required, just easy-to-pick-up party foods, so
you can clean up in no time.  Read More

  * Course

### Course

See All Course

    * Best Appetizer Recipes...Ever
    * Best Drink Recipes for Any Occasion
    * Salad Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Sensational Sides
    * Soup and Stew Recipes
    * Easy Entertaining for Everyone
    * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
    * Main Dishes and Entrees
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes

  * Baking

### Baking

See All Baking

    * Bread Recipes
    * Our Most-Loved Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Pie Recipes

  * Global

### Global

See All Global

    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes
    * Middle Eastern Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Malaysian Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * African Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Cajun and Creole Recipes
    * Caribbean Recipes
    * South American Recipes
    * Southern Recipes
    * German Recipes

  * Healthy

### Healthy

See All Healthy

    * Easy, Healthy Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfasts
    * Healthy Dinners
    * Healthy Desserts
    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Diet and Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Low Carbohydrate Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Favorite Ingredients

### Favorite Ingredients

See All Favorite Ingredients

    * The Ultimate Guide to Chicken
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Cheese Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Holidays and Occasions

### Holidays and Occasions

See All Holidays and Occasions

    * A Foodie's Guide to Halloween Recipes
    * The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide
    * Hanukkah Recipes
    * Your Ultimate Christmas Recipe Guide
    * Our Most Festive New Year's Recipes
    * Best-Ever Super Bowl Sunday Recipes
    * Best Valentine's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Labor Day Recipes
    * The Ultimate Fourth of July Guide
    * Memorial Day Recipes
    * Touchdown-Worthy Tailgate Recipes
    * Wedding and Shower Recipes

  * Quick and Easy

### Quick and Easy

See All Quick and Easy

    * 15-Minute Recipes for Busy Home Cooks
    * 5 Ingredients or Less
    * Dinner Tonight
    * No-Cook Recipes
    * 45-Minute Recipes

  * Convenience Recipes

### Convenience Recipes

See All Convenience Recipes

    * Budget-Friendly Recipes
    * Our Top Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Our Favorite Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes

  * BBQ and Grilling

### BBQ and Grilling

See All BBQ and Grilling

    * Grilled Beef Recipes
    * Grilled Fish Recipes
    * Grilled Shrimp Recipes
    * Grilled Chicken Recipes
    * Grilled Pork Recipes
    * Grilled Vegetable Recipes

  * How To

### How To

See All How To

    * 7 Ways With...
    * Videos
    * Ingredients and Tools
    * Kitchen Cleaning

  * Extra Crispy
  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Roast Pork Tenderloin with Plum Barbecue Sauce

# Roast Pork Tenderloin with Plum Barbecue Sauce

Rating: 5 stars

20 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 16 
  * 4 star values: 4 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 20 Ratings 
  * 17 Reviews 

Asian spices give this barbecue sauce a complex flavor, which enhances the
sweet-tart flavor of the plums. Once it's cooked, set aside 2 1/2 cups sauce
to serve with the pork, and use remaining to baste as it cooks.

By Paul Grimes

Recipe by Cooking Light July 2011

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Roast Pork Tenderloin with Plum Barbecue Sauce

Credit: Anna Williams; Styling: Pam Morris

## Recipe Summary

hands-on:

15 mins

total:

1 hr 5 mins

Yield:

8 servings (serving size: 3 ounces pork and about 1/3 cup sauce)

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * Sauce: 
  * 2 tablespoons canola oil 
  * 1 cup chopped onion 
  * 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped 
  * ¼ cup packed brown sugar 
  * ¼ cup rice wine vinegar 
  * ¼ cup ketchup 
  * 2 tablespoons lower-sodium soy sauce 
  * 2 teaspoons dry mustard 
  * 1 teaspoon ground ginger 
  * ½ teaspoon black pepper 
  * ⅛ teaspoon crushed red pepper 
  * 2 whole cloves 
  * 1 ½ pounds black plums, quartered and pitted 
  * 1 star anise 
  * Pork: 
  * 2 tablespoons canola oil 
  * 2 (1-pound) pork tenderloins, trimmed 
  * ½ teaspoon salt 
  * ½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add 2 tablespoons canola oil to
pan, and swirl to coat. Add onion and garlic; saute 5 minutes, stirring
constantly. Add sugar and the next 10 ingredients (through star anise); bring
to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer, partially covered, for 30 minutes or until
plums break down and sauce thickens, stirring occasionally. Discard cloves and
anise.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Preheat oven to 450°.

  * Step 3

Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add 2 tablespoons oil to pan;
swirl to coat. Sprinkle pork evenly with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon
black pepper. Add pork to pan; saute 7 minutes, turning to brown on all sides.

  * Step 4

Transfer pork to a foil-lined jelly-roll pan; coat with 1/2 cup plum sauce.
Roast pork at 450° for 15 minutes. Remove pork from oven. Turn pork over; coat
with an additional 1/2 cup plum sauce. Roast 10 minutes or until a thermometer
inserted in thickest portion of pork registers 155°. Remove from pan; let
stand 10 minutes. Slice crosswise. Serve with remaining plum sauce.

##  Chef's Notes

MyRecipes is working with _Let's Move!_ , the Partnership for a Healthier
America, and USDA's MyPlate to give anyone looking for healthier options
access to a trove of recipes that will help them create healthy, tasty plates.
For more information about creating a healthy plate, visit
www.choosemyplate.gov.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

378 calories; fat 10.3g; saturated fat 1.6g; mono fat 5.6g; poly fat 2.4g;
protein 25.2g; carbohydrates 50.7g; fiber 4.7g; cholesterol 62mg; iron 2mg;
sodium 417mg; calcium 22mg.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (17)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Karin

Rating: 5 stars

09/15/2015

****a nice blend of sweet, salt and spice. Makes plenty of sauce that can be
spooned on afterwards. Some may want to purée the plums, but I didn't mind it
lumpy. Ground cloves and anise seed may be a better option unless you tie
those two spices in a cheesecloth.

dawnleanna1

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2012

Great recipe! The sauce took a little longer to thicken, but other than that
it come out perfectly. Served it with brown rice and fresh green beans. Great
end of summer recipe. Even the kids loved it!

Boltogr

Rating: 5 stars

08/20/2012

Great sauce! I used 1 1/4 ts jerk seasoning instead of the ginger, cloves and
star anise and 1 1/2ts prepared brown mustard because that's what I had on
hand. Definitely a new favorite. The family said that it smelled and tasted
like Christmas. :)

laegnome

Rating: 5 stars

10/16/2011

Delicious! Bold flavors and tender pork tenderloin...was slightly time-
consuming, but worth it!

persephonelily

Rating: 5 stars

09/04/2011

Really delicious! A little spicy, a little sweet. I didn't have dry mustard or
anise, and I replaced the whole clove for a dash of ground. Will definitely be
making this again!

KathrynNC

Rating: 4 stars

08/27/2011

Wasn't too difficult to make (a lot of the time is inactive prep time). We
served it with sauteed bok choy & rice. My husband like it a lot. I personally
didn't like one of the flavors in the plum sauce. Hard to say for sure, but it
was likely the star anise (first time I've used it). Just a personal aversion.
I may try this again, sans the star anise.

JennySmith

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2011

This dish was so tasty! I made as stated and it came out beautifully (smelling
delicious!). I served with mashed potatoes and cut-up cantaloupe. Would
definitely make again.

JugglingMom4

Rating: 5 stars

08/01/2011

I made this last week when it was really hot here in Wisconsin, and I didn't
want to heat up my house, so I grilled the pork--seared it on high, then put
it in a grill pan and finished it with the sauce as directed. The taste was
wonderful, and the recipe was a great way to use all the great plums that are
on special at the market lately. My 3 small children gobbled it up, and my
husband and I loved it too. I served it with corn on the cob and couscous. Two
days later, I turned the leftover pork and sauce into a really wonderful
pulled pork for sandwiches. This recipe will be a regular for us!

ChefPeanutte

Rating: 5 stars

07/31/2011

Fantastic variation to pork! Cooking it with the plum sauce encouraged great
flavor and kept the pork so moist! I will be making this recipe on many
occassions!

jackie2830

Rating: 5 stars

07/28/2011

Yes, truly outstanding and what a great presentation for a company gathering
as well. Made exactly as directed [1st time I've cooked with star Anise] and
the flavor combination was phenominal. I served with Giada's Grilled Creamed
Corn with Parmesan, and steamed zucchini. I agree with others on using
leftover sauce [makes a lot extra] to use with grilled chicken which is what
we will do this weekend. Don't change this recipe, it's wonderful! My only
concern for next time....the star anise is easy, but the whole clove stems are
very hard to ferret out. Perhaps I will make a bouquet garni in a tsac in the
future.

ChefAmandaLynn

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2011

The was delish! I did mash up them plums was the were cooked. Served with a
beet and arugala salad.

JustSomeGuy

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2011

I"m on my third make of the plum barbecue sauce. First time was as per the
recipe, the next time I substituted plain tomato paste for the ketchup and the
third I added chipotle (in adobo) - last two times I tried pureeing the sauce
and straining thru mesh to give it a different texture. All times it has just
been thick and flavorful and worth it. A great recipe.

TomandPaula

Rating: 4 stars

07/04/2011

We cooked this meal for my mother's birthday dinner. Actually my son cooked
it. It took a little bit of time but it was worth it. The sweet and tangy
nature of the sauce was terrific on the pork. We served it with mashed
potatoes and corn on the cob since they were available at the farmer's market.
Most of us liked adding a bit of the sauce to the mashed potatoes since it was
so tasty.

ArleneLynn

Rating: 5 stars

07/02/2011

I loved this! It was so easy and flavorful. I served it with corn on the cob
and green beans. This meal was incredibly satisfying and I plan to make it for
a friend who just had a baby. She and her husband will love it too.

SJGonzales

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2011

I made the sauce twice and it is very easy to make. I also loved this with
chicken. I made the sauce on a Sunday. On Wednesday I marinated the chicke
breast in half the sauce in a large zip lock freezer bag for 3 hrs. I then put
the chicken in the broiler (I put more sauce on the top while broiling) After
I turned over the chicken breast I added more sauce. I did reserve some sauce
to use for dipping. The chicken was extremely tender and the sauce is
delicious. I made the entire pork tenderloin with plum BBQ sauce recipe for a
dinner party. It got rave reviews and it is definitly a "favorites" in my
recipe box.

daneanp

Rating: 4 stars

06/26/2011

This was easier to make than I initially thought and well worth it. The sauce
is perfect; loads of flavor. I used our Traeger grill for the pork loins. A
sprinkling of Chinese Five Spice on the meat before grilling is a great
addition. Served it with coconut rice and a spinach salad. I wouldn't hesitate
to make the sauce for chicken or pork. I'm adding this one to our regular
rotation. Thanks CL!

NorthFoodie

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2011

Wonderful dish! Well balanced flavors with the perfect amount of kick from the
pepper. Star anise is not available where I live so I substituted a drop of
anise extract. Worked well. There are other of suitable replacements out
there. I also used pork chops instead of the tenderloin; seared and finished
it on the grill in tin foil. Delicious!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Roast Pork Tenderloin with Plum Barbecue Sauce

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Roast Pork Tenderloin with Plum Barbecue Sauce

##  All Reviews for Roast Pork Tenderloin with Plum Barbecue Sauce

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

MyRecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMyRecipes.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. MyRecipes is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporation All Rights Reserved. MyRecipes may receive compensation for some
links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to
change without notice.  Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab
California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis
link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 MyRecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.myrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Roast Pork Tenderloin with Plum Barbecue Sauce

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

